Chapter 1

[I am terribly sorry!]

Who are you?

An unknown silver-haired youth is suddenly prostrating in front of me on the floor .

Around 20 years old…… I think he’s younger than me .

Because he’s facing the floor without flinching, I can’t see his face .

I don’t understand…… why? I think that he surely has a well-featured face .

The reason why he’s prostrating in front of me is unknown .

Because I have woken up in this unknown place just a several minutes ago .

That’s right .

Before I noticed, I already was in a room I don’t recognize .

A room surrounded by white walls from every direction .

The size is around 8 tatami, I think…… There are two white doors . There are no windows .

There are two leathered-covered sofas for two people facing each other .

A jet-black glass table is in between the sofas . Nothing else is here aside from that .

Uun…… because of the white walls, this room seems like a “typical” president’s office .

Maa, that does not matter, though .

Since I don’t recognize this place, is this a kidnapping?

I thought so at first, but I’m not restricted and above all, I think that the kidnapper is quite a considerable person……

After wandering around the room aimlessly, I return my sight at the youth on the floor .

Un, he’s still lowering his head .

Is that it? You won’t do anything unless I say something thing?

I would already like the explanation .

Can’t be helped, let’s greet him first .

[Ah~ Umm, who are you and what do you want from me after bringing me here?]

When I spoke, the youth finally raised his head .

Un, as expected, he’s a terrible handsome young man .

A green eyes together with silver hair . A tall figure with facial features that would put Hollywood stars to shame .

The clothes he is wearing are plain and white, but that makes him look rather attractive .

I can’t find any faults .

This goes past envy, it may be worth of respect .

While I’m on such topic, he was also staring back at me who is impolitely observing him .

…… He’s still sitting on the floor, though .

Because he was looking at me like that, I had to tell him [Wait] as I would command a dog……

This, am I the bad guy? Am I getting misunderstood? I’m not a bad person, though!

He has been apologizing since the beginning, so I shouldn’t be at fault . Probably!

[…… How do you do? I’m Kayano Takumi]

[Thank you kindly for the politeness . My name is Sylphreel . Please, call my Syl]

[…………]

[…………]

Haa, he sighs and introduces himself while bowing .

He doesn’t do anything aside from that .

He properly answered me . Yosh, I can go ahead like this! Is what I though, but--。

--The conversation didn’t continue……

Why did it end with self-introductions?!

Where’s the follow-up? An explanation, please!

The one who knows the circumstances is you, Syl!

[…… Ah~--Syl-san, who are you, where am I and why am I here?]

[No need for honorifics . --From Takumi-san’s standpoint, I’m a god . This place is called a Holy sanctuary]

[………… Haa!?]

This youth is a god and this play is a sanctuary?

Is this a new scam?

[This is not a scam]

[!!]

Eh? Were my thoughts just read?

[No . Although I can read minds, I didn’t read that before]

[Then, how do you know!?]

[Somehow, I thought you wouldn’t believe so I intended to correct it]

Nonono! You have been like an abandoned puppy a while ago, why are you suddenly so calm?

It’s strange no matter how much I think about it!?

But, I understand! I have understood that I will get only tired talking to this person in a serious manner!

[……… Can you explain simply?]

[Ah, I’m sorry . I have killed you by mistake]

Too simple!!




Chapter 2

[Ah, I’m sorry . I have killed you by mistake]

Unexpected murder report .

It seems I have been somehow murdered by this god……

When we move to the sofa and I hear Syl’s explanation--

[Umm…… there appeared a “distortion” in a certain place, so I wanted to reinforce it, but I put too much power into it and it passed through . This “distortion” connected with a place where Takumi-san was at that time so… that… the great power passed through and directly hit Takumi-san…]

Haa--------………

I let out a lengthy sigh .

According to Syl’s explanation, he didn’t have any ill intent, but I died because of a trivial (?) power measurement error .

However, it doesn’t seem like it ends here .

Under the influence of the power which directly hit my body, I have been already extinguished . He apparently narrowly pulled my soul into this sanctuary, but my soul still received a great shock and because of that it’s not able to enter the circle of reincarnation again .

This seems to be the reason Syl was prostrating before me .

Uun…… Although I can’t reincarnate again, normally, a person who died won’t notice that he’s reincarnated, right?

A person who remembers his previous life should be rare, right?

All my 28 years of life would get “deleted, right?

I don’t know what happens after one dies naturally, but since I am able to hold a conversation like this, should I be delighted that my soul is safe?

[So, what is going happen to me from now on?]

[Eeeeh!?]

I judged that rather than worrying about death, what is going to happen to me from now on is more important so when I asked Syl made a strange face .

[Eh? Is there perhaps no after-sales service?]

Seriously!? Am I going to remain like this?

Will I remain a soul-like existence floating around?

Eh? Ghost? An unnatural existence?

[No, wrong! I have prepared for words of abuse, so Takumi-san’s words just greatly surprised me]

[Ah~ Un . I have a feeling that words of abuse would be more suitable for Syl]

[…………]

Although I should be angry, I don’t have the recollection of actually dying . Therefore, somehow, I don’t have any will to get angry .

Besides, Syl has been keeping a low profile since the beginning so I have no motivation?

If that was his intention that would make me, on the contrary, angry, but I have figured in this short time that Syl doesn’t know how to properly express himself .

[It’s a lie . I half joked]

[Ha, half!?]

[Un . Half . It’s true that you made a mistake in the measurement of power, reflect on it]

[…… Yes]

Un, I have figured out how to handle Syl .

Is it okay to handle a god with such attitude? Is what I thought, but since Syl doesn’t seem to mind, it’s alright I guess?

[I will leave depression for later . So, what is going happen to me?]

[Ah, yes . First, I will make Takumi-san a new body, then I will put your soul into it]

[A new body?]

[Yes . I will compose it for you with my power]

Syl is going to make it……

……………

…………

………

……

[……………… I’m worried you will fail and create something strange, though]

I’m somewhat uneasy…… Syl, he looks like the clumsy type…

Physical limbs are missing! Is not what will probably happen, but… I’m worried about the things with normal functions……

[I won’t! It’s all right!! I will use all my power to create a proper one!!]

[I have a feeling that all your power is dangerous so stop it . Create it carefully…… and then]

[Yes, I will do my best! Unfortunately, because Takumi-san’s new body will have my power dwelling inside, it won’t be able to return back to Earth . Therefore, I will move you to a different world I manage--Aetherdia . Right, it would be called a different world for Takumi-san]

Aetherdia is the world with five gods .

God of Creation, Malianor

Fire God, Salamanteel

Water God, Windell

Wind God, Sylphreel

Earth God, Nomoodle

The God of Creation, Malianor-sama is the chief god . Syl and the others support Malianor-sama .

And it’s apparently the well-known world of sword and magic .

[Fu~n . I have no physical ability, won’t I easily die, though?]

[It’s all right! I will make you a healthy body, after all! Also, I will give you skills!!]

[Skills, huh…]

[That’s right! Skills!! Do you have something, in particular, you would like?]

[Let’s see…… First, not knowing the language would be inconvential]

Language is important . Not having a mutual understanding spells trouble .

[Language and common knowledge are easy to insert to the body, don’t worry about it . Also, I will attach an appraisal skill]

[That’s good, I will leave it to you . Also, an item box! Do you have something like that?]

When it comes to a different world, it’s an item box, right?

The difficulty will change depending on its existence .

[There are high capacity magic tools called Magic Bag, but I recommend a variety of space magic《Infinite Storage》which also stops the passage of time]

[Oh~ that’s it! I would also want some self-defense magic or technique]

[I understand . If you don’t have any specifications, I will choose for you, is that all right?]

Infinite Storage! Sounds nice . Stopping passage of time sounds attractive .

Something to protect the body with is left!

Magic has lots of possibilities, huh… And it’s not like I will be able to use a weapon……

I don’t understand the varieties of magic, will it be okay to leave it to Syl? He’s more or less a god, he will probably choose something suitable, right?

[I will leave it to you . Also, please don’t throw me out penniless]

[I understand . It has been decided to use my attribute, wind magic for now then . I will insert the knowledge on using magic inside the body, okay! Also, I will put a necessary amount of money inside the 《Infinite Storage》!]

Syl is the Wind God, after all . Speaking of wind magic, Wind Cutter, and Air Bullet are basic, right? Maa~ If he inserts the knowledge inside the body, will I be able to use magic reflexively? That will be helpful if that’s the case .

Oh, moreover, not just money . What about an item! I want to ask .

[Are you ready? Takumi-san will have to sleep while I insert the soul inside the body, do you have something you want to ask before it’s too late?]

[Un? Is this the last time we can talk?]

[Talking directly won’t be possible for a while . If you pray towards my statue in a shrine, we should be able to converse]

[Is it all right to contact a god?]

[Yes . There won’t be any problem . There might be a time when I’m busy and unable to answer, but it should be okay to contact me anytime]

Language is okay . Knowledge is good . Essential skills and items are prepared .

Is it all right?

[I can’t think of anything right now, I will rely on the shrine if I have something]

[Yes . I will be waiting for you . I have caused you trouble . The next time you wake up, you will be in that world . Please, enjoy you new life without a fail]

I nod to Syl and my consciousness fades away .

Ah, I forgot to tell Syl to emphasize the work on my appearances .




Chapter 3


[Umm…《Open》]

First, in order to confirm the situation, I open the menu by relying on the inserted knowledge . Then, a black, half transparent window screen appears in front of me .

This is one of the special abilities Syl has given me .

=====

Status

【Name】Takumi Kayano

【Race】Human?［Wind God’s family (Temporary)］

【Class】

【Age】20

【Level】3

【Skills】

Light Magic 50 | Dark Magic 50

Wind Magic 150 | Space Magic 100

Life Magic 100

Swordsmanship 50 | Throwing 18

Appraisal 200 | Disembowel 100

Cooking 85 | Sewing 23

Washing 12 | Cleaning 31

Crafting 37

Arithmetics 107 | Reading 125

Physical Attack Resistance 300 | Magic Attack Resistance 300

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

=====

A status screen appeared .

Alright, the name is my full name . Those with Family name are nobility! Though there are cases like that, it should to be all right .

Eeeh!? Race! Question mark!? I, I am not a human?

Rather, a follower? I have become god’s family (Temporary)!? I didn’t hear anything about this, Syl!!

Why!? Is what I thought, but thinking about it carefully, this body was made by Syl so it’s probably because of that……? He said something about his power dwelling inside…… it can’t be helped at this time…… let’s leave it at that .

Class . Blank space . Maa, that’s right .

20 years old… I became younger……

Level 3 . Un? …… Ah, did my level raise after killing the Red Wolf? Then, no problems here .

Skills are…… relatively decent…? To be honest, I thought Syl might forget because he’s like that . Un, I’m somehow relieved .

Let’s see…… the numbers are proficiency? 50 is generally “more or less usable”, over 100 is skilled . Over 200 is master rank . 300 is MAX? Getting that far is a miracle .

I see~ Looking at the proficiency numbers of the skills, the magic and such is what Syl gave me and cooking and such are what I already had originally?

Because I lived alone, cooking was mundane, I sewed my buttons and did some weekend carpentering .

Still, the resistances…… are completely strange? The proficiency is MAXED . Is this that? That thing Syl said he will choose himself? Ah, mou…… he was too enthusiastic…

Umm, next is titles . Titles are something like nicknames or aliases?

Transmigrated From a Different World…… Maa~ seems right .

The God of Creation Malianor is the chief god who is supported by the four others, right?

What is a blessing? When did I receive a blessing? Maa… while I was asleep, right…

But, wouldn’t it say “Blessing of the Wind God’s Sylphreel” normally?

--Piron♪

Ah, the titles increased .

Let’s see, let’s see……【Friend of Wind God Sylphreel】…………

Yosh! Let’s move on!

U~mm, next is……

There’s a tab beside status and item menu .

It’s a map .

When I try to view that, a map appears on the whole screen . This is apparently a world map .

Rough dotted lines are drawn, country names and their capitals are displayed . There are ten countries on the main continent . One island country . And one federal state on a small archipelago . There are 12 countries in total .

There’s a forest on the south side of a central country on the continent .

There’s small white pin stuck in the place it says[Gaya Forest] .

When I touch that pin, the map zooms in and the area around the pin becomes detailed .

Un, this is the place I’m at . I’m sure .

When I move while looking at the map, the pin also moves . Present location found!

I slide the map away and inquire about the details of this forest .

This[Gaya Forest]is large . Furthermore, this forest passed through five countries .

Where should I go? From my present location, the Tia Country in the east is closest . There’s a town called Shirin slightly away from the forest .

Let’s go there . The destination, a town called Shirin .

Umm, next is……

The next tab is item list . While thinking to examine that, I felt like someone was watching me, so I turned around and saw two little children looking at me .

Lapis lazuli colored hair and gold eyes . Thin bodies with simple ragged clothes stained with dirt .

Judging from the atmosphere, one is a girl and one a boy, but two of them looks exactly the same .

Twins?

It’s strange that there are children alone in the forest, I don’t sense any other people around .

[Are you lost? Did you come here alone?]

When I ask the most plausible reason, the children tilt their heads . They look blankly at me in silence .

When I take a step forward, they take a step back .

…… They seem to be cautious of me .

I use the appraisal skill and a window appears in front of me .

Seems like appraising people is possible .

=====

Status

【Name】

【Race】Human?

【Class】

【Age】5

【Level】12

【Skills】

Water Magic | Hand-to-hand Combat

Throwing | Presence Detection

Abnormal State Resistance

【Titles】

????

=====

It seems I’m not able to view skill proficiency of other people .

Or is it related to proficiency of my appraisal skill?

Nevertheless, why do I feel like the status of these two children is not normal…

The name parts are blank… it means that they don’t have names, right?

Also, “human?” again . Is that race normal over here?

The titles part is question marks…

N~ what should I do? First of all, leaving like this would be inhumane…

[There’s nothing to fear, won’t you come over here?]

Ah, they came when I called .

I had to drop on my knees and timidly beckon them, but they approached .

[Umm, 《Washing》… and《Heal》]

First, I cleaned their bodies with Life Magic . As the name suggest, Life Magic is closely related to livelihood . Wash the target with《Washing》, illuminate surroundings with《Light》, make things dry with《Dry》etc…… It has the smallest power, but it has a wide range of uses, it’s a convenient magic usable with the smallest amount of magic power .

The eyes of the two shined and blinked in surprise, but they probably judged that they are in no danger so they didn’t run away .

After making their bodies clean, I could see small wounds all over their bodies so I healed them with healing magic . Healing Magic is Light attribute magic so I have it .

[Yosh! This is good . The next is a meal……]

They are this thin, they must be very hungry .

I check the item list while thinking so .

[Umm, there is…… money, equipment, medicine… water and food . Food is… umm…… hard-baked bread and dried meat… It seems too hard for the children right now . It seems hard to digest… Ah, fruit . Would this be easier to eat?]

The fruit, Ranka is sweet and rehydrating, it greatly resembles a peach . I retrieve fruits from the《Infinite Storage》and offer it to the two children .

[Here, eat this]

I place the fruit in the hands of the two children .

The two examine and sniff the Ranka fruit in their hands . After a while, they confirm that it’s not dangerous and start eating .

They look like small animals .

Seeing them comfortably eating, I once again confirm the contents of the item list .

[There’s also… raw meat, vegetables, and wheat flour…… huh……]

…… Syl . Even if you give me ingredients, I can’t cook without seasonings……

--Piron♪

Ah, an item was added .

A set of kitchen utensils and seasonings were added to the item list after I complained towards Syl . Seems like Syl confirmed the circumstances over here and send me the items .

There’s only one thing I can do!

I would love tableware . Additional change of clothes and towels would be nice .

Ah, there a considerable distance from here to the nearest town . An overcoat or blanket would really help for camping .

--Piron♪

I heard a mechanical sound from somewhere and a large quantity of items was added to the list .

…… Un . Syl, thank you .

While I was doing that, the children finished eating the fruit and jii~ were staring at me .

Because the clothes added to the item list were not only for me, but even for the children, I decided to change their clothes .

I click on the《Clothes》on the item list and retrieve clothes from the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Isn’t it too tight, can you move freely?]

Oh, they nodded . It seems all right .

These children, although they do not talk, they properly understand me, right?

[I’m now going to leave the forest and go to the nearby town, do you want to go together with me?]

I can’t leave the children here so I ask them, the two children look at each other .

They seem to be conversing . Although they are not talking…

Is that it? The mutual understanding between twins?

They look at me . Did they decide? Nodding means they want to go with me, right?

[I’m Takumi . Best regards]




Chapter 4

As expected, those two don’t have names .

Therefore--

[Yosh, I decided! You are Allen . And you are Elena]

I think it would be inconvenient from now on if they didn’t have names, I named the boy Allen, and the girl Elena .

I somehow felt these names would be suitable .

Were the names appropriate? Allen and Elene seem satisfied so it’s okay .

When I checked their statuses, it had already recognized them as Allen and Elena .

I don’t know what criteria it has been decided on, but changing it again is now impossible . Hahaha~!

In such way, the three of us peacefully walk through the forest .

The two children are thin, but they have stamina . They are following me without complaining .

However, because they are without a doubt children, I take a break and let them drink water and eat dried persimmons .

Dried persimmons? It something Syl has added into my inventory . There are several types of dried fruit, there was also some onigiri, but they are already eaten .

By the way, rice does exist in Aetherdia . It’s called white wheat over here and is mainly used as feed for domestic animals .

If I want to buy some, I will have no chance buy to purchase it from a domestic animal farmhouse?

Ah! It seems something similar to soy sauce and miso also exists!

After all, for a Japanese, it’s a rice! Soy Sauce! Miso! Right~ I’m glad this world also have them~♪

Has it been approximately after an hour that we started walking again? Allen and Elena started suddenly running .

[Eh? What!?]

What came into my sight was two children chasing after a huge boar three times the size of them--I saw them charging at a Giant Boar .

[Allen! Elena!]

They run with all their power, but they doesn’t seem to be able to catch up . They are obviously chasing after a monster .

I can’t shoot the monster with magic because the two are there .

What should I do!? While thinking so--

Allen and Elena vigorously run towards one of the Giant Boars without stopping and give it a flying kick .

The Giant Boar they kicked screams[Buhi]and gets blown off backward .

Once they kick it, they jump up right after landing and give an axe kick to the Wild Boars neck .

The Giant Boar goes doshin and collapses .

[………]

So strong! What are these five-year-olds!!

These children certainly are level 12, but… Eh, is this normal!? A common sense of children of this world?

That can’t be true . Normal children would die .

While I unconsciously stopped running because of the shock and stood in place absentmindedly, Allen and Elena returned to my place as if nothing happened .

[[………]]

[…… Haa--- You two… you knew there was a Giant Boar so you started running?]

Two two children nod at my deep sigh .

They seem to understand .

[Would you tell me next time you found something before you start running?]

The two children nod again .

Don’t they have any sense of danger…? It’s a great achievement that these two young children survived like this until now, but if they keep on running away each time a monster appears, I will be in a bind .

I’m taking care of the children, letting them protect me would be foolish .

After confirming the two aren’t injured I lightly pat their heads, then I face the defeated Giant Boar .

They probably don’t know that monster meat can be eaten . Allen and Elena are ignoring the downed monster .

They don’t have a knife to dismantle it, nor they are able to build fire to cook it, so it may not have any significance for these two .

I collect the Giant Boar while the two look at me with “What are you going to do with that?” expressions .

First of all, let’s store it inside my《Infinite Sotrage》 . If I can sell this in the town, I will purchase supplies for these two .

After deciding, I beckon the two children and walk towards outside of the forest .

After that .

Following Giant Boar the three of us encountered the Bloody Bear, Red Wolf x2, Great Monkey x2 .

Each time, when Allen and Elena noticed a monster, they would pull on my clothes or arms to let me know .

However! Right after letting me know, they would immediately run off and start chasing monsters bigger than me .

Not knowing what to do with them, I checked for injuries then patted their heads . The two children close their eyes and smile in comfort while I pat them .

Are? Doesn’t this mean I’m praising them?

That’s why the two run off chasing after monsters…?

I thought that my real intentions didn’t transmit, but I couldn’t stop myself from patting Allen’s and Elena’s heads .




Chapter 5

The overall dark forest became even darker .

Seems like the sun went down .

That being the case, I decided to stop advancing for today .

[Allen, Elena . I will make a fire so help me gather some wood]

Saying that, I pick up a fallen twig, Allen and Elena imitate me and start gathering .

What should I do for dinner?

Syl has supplied me with some ordinary bread, so… let’s make a simple vegetable soup .

Should I also dismantle the monster meat and make some meat skewers?

The two children are bright so if I let them eat the dismantled meat, they will realize that monster meat can be consumed .

I store the gathered twigs in the《Infinite Storage》and take out one Red Wolf .

This is the fellow I killed with the air bullet . Maa, I have no other way at the moment……

I retrieve a knife, I cut open the Red Wolf’s abdomen first to drain the blood in order to start processing .

If I defeated the Red Wolf with a sword, I would pay attention to the value of the fur and start processing from the wounds, but there is no conspicuous wound by killing it with an air bullet, so starting at its abdomen is the theory .

I have the knowledge of dismantling, I even have the skill . Because of that, the dismantling process is mysteriously imprinted in my body .

There’s no challenge even though I’m dismantling for the first time . My body moves without hesitation . Even the blood flowing from its cut open abdomen is taken for granted .

The new body itself doesn’t feel uncomfortable, but I have realized that the previous Kayano Takumi and the present Kayano Takumi are different .

The dismantling advanced without a delay .

Allen and Elena ji~ were staring at my first dismantling .

It’s a gain if they remember the process even if only a little . Still, they are only 5 years old so I really don’t expect them to start dismantling anytime soon .

After I finish, I store the fur, materials, and meat into the《Infinite Storage》and bury the non-usable internal organs in a hole I dug beforehand . The air is filled with the scent of blood so I disperse it with Wind Magic, I washed my body with《Washing》and decided to move a bit just in case .

Now then, with the preparations complete, let’s start making the dinner .

First, I make a simple stove with the stones and light the fire .

I have a Life Magic《Ignition》which allows me to make a fire, but I used something called Ignition Stone in order to show Allen and Elena how to make a fire with tools .

Maa, it’s that . It’s similar to a match .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Ignition Stone】

A stone that bursts into a fire when directly injected with magic power .

Because only fragments of the stone are used, it’s mostly disposable .

Because they won’t be activated unless directly injected with magic power, storing them away in《Infinite Storage》is possible .

＝＝＝＝＝

Once the fire is lit, I pour water into a small pot and put it on the stove . Before the water starts boiling, I cut the Red Wolf meat into easy to eat pieces, pierce it on skewers and lightly salt it . I stab it around the stove and let it grill .

Once the water in the pot is boiling, I add vegetables and adjust the taste with a stock cube and salt .

The stock soup is a Japan-like product . It’s a chicken consomme cube of a certain manufacturer1 . There was no packing so I can’t tell certainly, though .

The meat also looks ready when the soup is completed .

When I handed the grilled Red Wolf meat to Allen and Elena, they both sunk their teeth in without any hesitation . However, the the grilled meat was piping hot so they separated their mouths from it in panic .

I take my share of meat skewers and fuufuu show them how to cool it down .

Oh! Red Wolf meat is surprisingly tasty .

Seeing my way of eating, the two children fuufuu imitate me and blow on their skewers and eat .

This seems to be their first time eating with tableware, so I carefully teach them how to hold a spoon . The children start eating the soup while tightly grasping their spoons .

We have met just a half a day ago, but the two twins are surprisingly attached to me .

They started eating straight away without cautiously sniffing it like before . They are now eating without hesitation .

[Is it tasty?]

The two nod at my question .

Un, they are all smiles .

Since there is nothing to do after the meal, I intend to sleep even though it just became dark . It would be better to get up earlier in the morning .

Thinking so, I retrieve a Barrier Stones .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Barrier Stone】

A magic tool that can raise a barrier .

The barrier is set up by stabbing the stake-like stones in the ground in four cardinal directions formation . It prevents monsters from entering the space between the stones .

At least four stones are necessary, the bigger the space between the stones is, the thinner the barrier gets .

＝＝＝＝＝

Un, it’s a convenient tool .

I set up the stones 3~4m in all directions . With this, I can sleep in peace without having to worry about being attacked by monsters .

Lying on the ground would be indeed painful so I wrap myself in a blanket and sit against a tree .

Is this the most comfortable? What about the children?

After sitting down, I look at Allen and Elena, but they are standing still, not knowing what to do .

[Allen, Elena . Come]

The two immediately came to me after calling them .

Then, I sit them to my sides, extend my hands around them and wrap them with my blanket .

The two got surprised and couldn’t settle down, but they soon clung to me .

The children’s bodies are warm like a hot-water bottle, warm and comfortable . It’s not surprising, but I got exhausted by the new environment . The sleepiness attacks me immediately and I fall asleep at once .




Chapter 6

We were able to safely pass through the Gaya Forest!

We have encountered many monsters, but I honestly pleaded to Allen and Elena to let me defeat them, and I brought them down with magic .

I’m glad the children are so understanding! Thanks to that, my level has raised to 11!

Even so, the forest is bigger than I thought . It took three full days to get out of the forest . Although I’m saying that, our pace was slow and we picked up fruits and herbs on the way .

We got out of the forest’s eastern side on the fourth day . I don’t know how long it would take to get out of the depths of the forest, but it was quite the distance to get out from the edge of the forest . It takes probably more than a month .

Ah! By the way, unlike Earth where the week has 7 days, Aetherdia’s week is 6 days long .

In order--

Day of the Light, Day of the Fire, Day of the Water, Day of the Wind, Day of the Earth, Day of the Darkness

--They are called like that .

24 hours makes a day, 6 days makes a week, and 5 weeks makes a month .

30 days is a month and 12 months is a year . Therefore, one year consists 360 days .

The months are called without a change, First Month, Second Month, Third Month……

First~Third months are Spring

Fourth~Sixth months are Summer

Seventh~Ninth months are Fall

Tenth~Twelfth months are Winter

They are not much different from Japan’s seasons . East of the continent is warmer, west is colder .

The eastern territories are the hottest in Summer, west territories are the coldest in the Winter .

By the way, it is the Third Month now . Gadia’s weather is very nice .

An empty grassland spreads before us after leaving the forest . There was something that could be considered a road so we walked for around 4 hours along it before seeing a town .

When we arrive at the gates of the town Shirin, soldiers… no, they are knights . Three knights are on the watch .

The town of Shirin is endorsed as a Rank A impregnable town at the edge of[Gaya Forest] .

N? That’s right . We are in a very dangerous place .

The superior monsters are near the heart of the forest, so the monsters we have encountered were all relatively weak .

But, it’s not known when a strong monster will come out of the forest . There’s a branch of the Knights precisely because the town of Shirin is in such a place .

These knights are guarding the west gate we came to . One of the knight is waiting for us .

[You! Did you come from the Gaya Forest?]

[Yes . That’s right]

The knight makes a surprised expression at my obedient answer .

Maa~ it’s a dangerous place . I myself don’t look any strong and even if I was, it’s not a place one would normally take children with him .

[There were medicinal herbs I needed . We didn’t go too deep and these children are strong enough to defend themselves]

As expected, I can’t say that I was transferred to the forest by a god and it’s better to answer honestly instead of making poor excuses .

Actually, we didn’t go to the heart of the forest and we gathered herbs . It’s also the truth that the children are strong .

[Did you get the herbs you needed?]

[Yes . Fortunately, I was able to obtain them in a nearby place]

[I see . Don’t be too reckless . Then, you are entering the town, right?]

[Thank you very much for the advice . Of course, I would like to enter the town, but this is a gate one can enter and exit freely, right?]

The gates are normally open during the daytime, but this gate is closed for some reason .

But, I check just in case .

[This is a gate that only a few people come in and out, after all]

Ah, I see . It’s such a thing .

The knight answers after looking at the gate and realizing that we are locked out .

This place is directly facing the Gaya Forest so only authorized knights and high ranked adventurers are utilizing it . Ordinary people rarely approach the gate so there’s no reason to keep the gate open when there’s no traffic .

[Hand me the identification papers]

[I’m sorry . We come from a rural village so we don’t have identification papers yet]

[Come this way if that’s the case . We have to do the inspection and other procedures]

[Yes . Sorry for the inconvenience, but I will be troubling you]

[Don’t worry about it, that’s our job!]

[First, please put your hand on this crystal]

We were taken to a small office-like room and a crystal was presented in front of me .

I put my hand on it as I was told to . When I do so, the crystal emits a faint white light .

This is a tool that determines whether one is a criminal or not when touched . It will start shining red if one is a criminal .

When one commits a crime, he will receive a corresponding title, the crystal seems to be reacting to that .

Also, when people want to start living in the town or when a baby is born, a resident card would be issued and a magic power will be registered at the same time . When the crystal finds out a person who committed a crime, the data would spread through the other crystals distributed worldwide, making it easy for other locations to understand that a criminal is trying to enter the town . Meaning, it’s waste of time trying to flee the country .

[Un . There are no problems . Please, let me inspect the children next]

Allen and Elena took turns putting their hands at the crystal . There were no problems so I had to pay the 200G (Minors are half the price) toll next .

I pretended that I’m taking money from the pocket while I retrieved 400G from the《Infinite Storage》 .

This is from the knowledge that was inserted into my body, but it seems that there are not many people who have a Space Magic . Therefore, I decided to not use it in public .

The plan is to buy a small bag and use it as if it was a Magic Bag .

Right, right, the money on Aetherdia is called G(old)--

Copper Coin = 1G

Large Copper Coin = 10G

Silver Coin = 100G

Large Silver Coin = 1,000G

Gold Coin = 10,000G

Large Gold Coin = 100,000G

Platinum Coin = 1,000,000G

--The money is using such decimal system .

One Copper Coin has a value of around 10 yen . Therefore, the toll costs around 2,000 yen .

By the way, the amount of money I have presently at hand is approximately 1,000,000G . That makes about 10,000,000 yen .

Syl, so generous!

Also, what is strange that the money is listed as “G” in the item list, but I’m able to retrieve any coin .

Is exchanging Copper for Silver hard? . Is what I thought at first . But, I can take out the whole amount in copper coins and I can take it out even in gold coins . How convenient…

[This will be your temporary identification papers . It’s necessary during your stay in town so don’t lose it . Also, if you plan to stay in the town for long, official identification papers would be needed to make]

[Yes . The plan is to register at the Adventurer guild]

[I see . Then, as soon as your registration is completed, return the temporary identification papers here]

[I understand]

I ask the kind Knight-samas about a recommended inn and enter the town .

We advance on the street to the inn the knights recommended to me .

The number of the people walking down the street is quite high, is it because the town is near the borders?

It seems that Allen and Elena see this many people for the first time as they are clinging around my waist as if glued to it .

This timid action is very cute, but it’s hard to walk .

This is it,[Komadori Pavilion] . The recommended inn .

It’s is an excellent establishment with good security and affordable prices, that’s what the knights told me .

When I open the door, Obasan in her 40 greets us .

[I’d like to stay, do you have a vacant room?]

[We have a room . One night for one is 400G, 500G with dinner and breakfast . Hot bath requires a separate fee . ]

When I ask, Obasan politely replies .

[These children are with me, is it all right? They are obedient children, I don’t think they will be an annoyance]

Small children may cry in the middle of a night, which may cause trouble later so I’m asking beforehand .

[Yes . It’s all right . They are small so they will be fine sleeping in one bed]

It seems okay . The knight-samas might have recommended this inn with that in mind .

Moreover, it seems there’s discount for children .

[Allen, Elena . Are you okay sleeping in one bed?]

When I ask the two who are clinging to me, they start clinging to me even more for some reason .

Uun? Does this mean no?

[Arara . It seems both of them really love Oniisan~ In that case, we have a room with a large bed, would you like to take that room?]

So not a twin, but a double room?

From the looks of it, it’s unlikely that they will sleep in a separate bed .

[Let’s do that . That room with the meal, please]

Because it’s needed to pay in advance, I have paid for a week for now . It’s a recommended inn by the knight-samas, it’s surely all right .

And then, since there’s still time until the dinner, I have asked for a location of a certain place and left the inn .




Chapter 7

The destination is a Shrine . It’s roughly in the center of the town .

It’s a white, stone building . Although old, the white color is preserved and the ivy crawling over the walls leaves a deep impression .

A big belfry is attached to the roof, just right now, dong, dong…… six chimes reverberate around the whole town .

The bell resounds every day at fixed times . It works as a clock for those who don’t possess a high price magic tool . It basically substitutes a watch .

It chimes once at 6 in the morning . Then, the chime increases once every two hours, the Shrine’s bell chimes until 10 in the evening where it chimes nine times .

Get up with a chime and sleep with nine . The people live around this bell .

Anyone can freely enter and exit the Shrine chapel .

The inside is spacious enough to accommodate a good number of people, a passage spreads straight to the altar in the back of the chapel from the entrance .

Oblong stools that can fit several adults each are lined along both sides of the passage, facing the altar .

A light shines from the high ceiling, illuminating the chapel .

Serenity . 5 stone statues are in the interior of the altar wrapped in such atmosphere .

A statue of a woman in the middle . This must be the God of Creation Malianor . On both sides of Malianor-sama are five statues of men . On her right-hand side, there is the Fire God Salamanteel-sama and the Earth God Nomoodle-sama . On her left-hand side, the Water God Windell-sama and Wind God Sylphreel-sama--It’s Syl .

[Will you wait here for a while?]

I sit Allen and Elena on one of the stools, stand in front of the statue of Syl and look at it .

Ah, it’s Syl .

The stone statue has exactly the same appearances I remember .

People normally glorify and exaggerate the appearances of a god, but it seems that the actual appearances of gods have been properly transmitted to the people of Aetherdia .

（Syl~ Can you hear me?）

I close my eyes and call Syl at once .

(Takumi-san, I can hear you)

Syl immediately answers back .

It seems my voice reached him properly .

(Did you get used to the life over there?)

(I have arrived at the town just today . So I don’t think I can say I got already used to it . But, I didn’t have a hard time thanks to the magic and the convenient tools)

(That is good)

Syl was really concerned about me, it felt like that .

Having people that are concerned about you is nice . It feels somewhat warming .

--However! This and that are different things!

(Right, Syl)

(What is it?)

(You didn’t tell me . Isn’t there something that you have to say to me?)

I can imagine Syl’s body piki~in stiffen .

(W, what are you saying, I, I don’t know~)

…… No, you are definitely shaking .

If you are going to pretend ignorance, I’m going to put on a little better performance .

(Hoho~u… I see… You don’t know? Then, it can’t be helped . They finally seem to taken liking to me, but if Syl doesn’t know then I will have to put the poor children into an orphanage--)

(Wa, waa~!! Wait~!!

He gave up at once… I thought you were going to feign ignorance for a bit more, though~……

(I’m so~rry)

Ah, I don’t see him, but he’s definitely… prostrating……

(I thought it was strange . The starting location being A rank[Gaya Forest], after all . No matter how you look at it, you would normally start at such impossible place! But, I was able to leave the forest before encountering a strong monster . Besides, it’s strange for children to be in such a place! Moreover, they are “Human?” you know? At first I thought, there’s a race like that in this world~ but, when I arrived at the town and appraised the people there, everyone was a normal human, demihuman, and suchmon . I was fully suspecting you, Syl . So, what’s going on?)

(Uu~)

(Don’t cry and start explaining . It’s not like I will get angry or anything)

Syl bursts into tears while prostrating .

Nono, you are a god, right? First… no, first is Malianor-sama so you are the second most important person, right? Why are you so brittle?

(Go on)

(It can’t be said from my mouth……)

(…………)

When I urge the sobbing Syl to explain, he lets out some unexpected words .

What? “Can’t say”…… moreover, Syl said, “from my”…

N~…

Is he forbidden to speak?

From whom?

No… if that’s the case, wouldn’t that be strange?

If he imprudently spills it out, would he get in trouble…?

An existence that can forbid Syl, a god from speaking, I can think only of those four .

(Say, Syl . Wind God, Fire God, Water God, Earth God, do you share nonaggression, territory or such things…between each other?)

(……… We do)

I see . They do……

That means, there’s another god who has a relation with Allen and Elena?

I don’t think it’s Malianor-sama . Then, it’s someone between Fire, Water, and Earth…

(It’s just, those children are no ordinary children, leaving them would be dangerous…… I can tell you only that)

(I understand . I won’t ask anymore . Just… am I all right?)

(Takumi-san has become a part of my family, but it doesn’t change the fact that you will be living on Aetherdia like a normal human so… There’s just no control restriction, so there’s no limit to what you can do)

(Is there no problem with you assisting me?)

(Yes . It doesn’t change that Takumi-san is my family and since you have received a blessing from Malianor-sama it’s only natural to offer assistance)

(So, in the end, we are using a loophole……)

Allen and Elena are related to a god . Moreover, not just followers, something more important .

It’s just my conjecture since I can’t get more details, though .

…… At any rate--

(……… Wasn’t my existence godsend?)

(… You are angry…… right?)

(Speaking honestly, if only you told me right away instead of stealthily scheming…… is what I’m thinking)

(I’m really sorry……)

(It’s okay already . It’s okay to rely on you when I encounter trouble, right?)

(Yes! I don’t mind no matter how trivial it is . Please, contact me anytime!)

(I understand . I will be relying on you at that time . Laters)

The conversation with Syl was forcibly ended in the middle .

Syl himself is hopeless, I can understand his reasoning, but I was used, after all, I couldn’t erase my negative emotions .

However, I’m definitely not angry nor disappointed .

My new heart just probably didn’t settle properly yet . I think there won’t be any problems if I give it a while . Once it’s settled, I will contact Syl again and make many demands . That will make the offset .

[Allen, Elena . Come here]

Once my heart settled, I turn around and call the twins over .

When I call them, the two immediately trot over to me, I crouch and hold them in my arms .

[Thank you for waiting . Shall we return to the inn?]

I walk back to the inn with two smiling children in my arms and setting sun in the back .




Chapter 8

Good morning . Sleeping in the bed is indeed nice .

I have children on both of my sides so I can’t really move, though .

Apart from that, listen to this! I didn’t notice because I didn’t have a mirror until now, but my eyes are green! When I saw my reflection in one of the windows, I was really startled . It’s the same jade green as Syl’s .

Because nothing was said regarding my appearances and I didn’t request anything, so the appearances were done without my consent . Black hair was a necessity…

Maa, there are no problems if my eye color is different .

Now then, after we slowly finished breakfast, we headed to the Adventurer’s Guild .

It’s a building with a sign of a pentagon shield with two crossed swords .

When we enter inside, a spacious hall comes to sight . Because I came here today only to register, we set off with the third chime, but there are adventurers still loitering around here and there . Because these people are wearing armor and carrying weapons, there’s no doubt that they are adventurers .

They are mostly concentrated around the bulletin board on the left side of the hall . That’s most likely the place where requests are put .

Maa~ but, there’s an available receptionist at the counter so I wasn’t wrong to come at this time .

Without further ado, I take Allen and Elena and approach the receptionist .

[Good morning . What may I help you with?]

The female guild receptionist greets us with a sweet business smile .

[Adventurer registration, please . Ah, these children too . There’s no age restriction, is there?]

When I convey my business, the receptionist looks at Allen and Elena . A surprised look appears on her face, but she immediately returns to her original expression .

Small children like these rarely come here, right?

The age of majority in this world is 15, but it’s not unusual to start working earlier . Although I say that, it’s just helping parents with work or routine tasks for the town . The Guild also has requests related to routine tasks for the town . However, most of the children who work like that are over 10 years old…

[Yes . There’s no age restriction so registration is possible . Please fill the necessary information on this form . Do you require amanuensis1 ?]

[No, it’s all right . Thank you very much]

I give my thanks, receive the form and pen and check the contents . The necessary items to fill are the name, age, and special skill (Primary way of fighting) . It’s only these three items .

I have never seen the characters the form is written in before, but I properly understand them . There are no problems with writing .

After checking the form over, I fill out three papers .

For the special skills item, it’s magic (Wind) for me, and hand to hand combat for Allen and Elena .

I hand the forms to the receptionist after filling them out .

[Yes, thank you very much . Please wait a moment until the card is completed]

When the receptionist miss received the forms, she checked whether there are some problems and then she started operating a crystal .

After several minutes, she lines up three credit card-like metal cards on the counter .

[Please check whether the name is correct then drip a drop of blood on the card . This will complete the registration . After the registration is completed, please check for abnormalities]

The Guild Card is a magic tool . The [ownership]of the card is determined by the blood and no one aside from the owner won’t be able to use it .

First, I drip blood on my card and register it .

＝＝＝＝＝

＊Takumi Kayano

＊Human

＊20 years old

＊Personal Rank F

＊Party Rank —

【Request Record】

【Dungeon Record】

【Level】11

【Skills】

Light Magic | Dark Magic | Wind Magic | Life Magic

Swordsmanship | Throwing | Appraisal | Dismantling | Gathering

Cooking | Sewing | Washing | Cleaning | Crafting | Arithmetics | Reading

Abnormal Status Resistance | Mental Status Resistance

Physical Attack Resistance | Magic Attack Resistance

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

Friend of Wind God Sylphreel

【Money】0G

＝＝＝＝＝

A good amount of information is written on the card .

Ah, I’m glad . It says I’m an ordinary Human .

There are 5 “＊” main entries are obligatory to display, therefore, it, fortunately, doesn’t display the family . I feel relieved because the other information is optional and can be hidden . With this, only those with permission will be able to see my details .

There’s a possibility that Guild staff would need to read it, but it should be all right if I just conceal the necessary details .

After that, Allen and Elena drip their blood on the cards and I don’t forget to alter their settings .

[There’s a fee for reissue, so please be careful of losing it . Would you like to hear the explanation about the guild?]

There’s no fee to register as an adventurer, but it seems it costs 2,000G (2 Large Silver Coins) for reissue the card if lost .

I have the knowledge about the rules of the guild, but because it would be troublesome if there is some discrepancy, I request for the explanation . [Well then] Miss receptionist bowed and began the explanation .

First, the explanation about the ranks .

The ranks begin at F, and raising to E, D, C, B, A and S .

Rule of a thumb of the ranks--

F Rank – Newcomer

E Rank – Fledgling

D Rank – Full-fledged

C Rank – Skilled

B Rank – Superior

A Rank – Superior+α

S Rank – Hero

--Those are the standards .

In addition, there’s something called a party where several people handle a single request . In that case, the Party Rank becomes the average rank of the party members .

The Requests which are located on the Request Board (Request Subject, Reward, Time Period are written on them) you bring them from the board to the reception and once accepted, you can begin the request .

There’s a recommended rank written on the Request and you are able to receive requests one rank above yours . The reward is received after completion, there is no penalty fee for failure .

The number of successful and failed requests is considered during a rank up . It’s harder to rank up with too many failures and there even exists a penalty for consecutive failures .

Also, if you don’t receive requests in three years, the registration will be revoked, and the registration will be disposed of if you commit vicious acts .

With the exception of materials collected for the requests, it’s possible to sell monster materials, ingredients, etc . at the Guild’s counter . There are fixed prices which profit the adventurers .

Of course, adventurers are free to sell their materials to individual shops, but if problems arise, the Adventurer’s Guild won’t get involved .

In addition, the Guild functions as a bank and the money deposited at the Guild can be withdrawn at any Guild branch in any country .

And last, the Guild does not involve in quarrels between fellow adventurers, injuries and in the worst case death are all self-responsibility . This concludes the explanation .

[This is all . Do you have any questions?]

[Yes, the party registration, please]

[I understand . Your guild cards, please]

I register me, Allen and Elena as a party at once .

The party’s name is[White Wings] . I imagined angels since the children are god’s relatives .

I have money that I received from Syl, but it’s a finite amount, so I have to work for a steady income .

The identification papers were the purpose, but in a different world, it has to be Adventurer, right!

Therefore, I simply registered as an adventurer .

But, the problem is Allen and Elena .

It would be best if Allen and Ellen could do house-sitting when I’m on a request, but I think those two would definitely follow me .

Maa, the children are strong, they won’t become a burden . If that’s the case, it would be best to prepare everything right from the start .

It would be better than having them sneaking away during the house-sitting . Besides, I want those two to see various things and places!

[The registration is complete]

[Thank you very much]

[Will you receive a request today?]

[No…… ah! If I have medicinal herbs or monster materials at hand, will there be any problem using them for a request?]

[No, if the condition of the material is good, there are no problems . Do you have anything with you?]

[No, just making sure . Would it be alright to trouble you again if I have more questions later?]

[Yes . I’m responsible for reception, my name is Luna . I look forward working with you]

[Thank you very much . You probably already know, but I’m Takumi . Please treat me well]

I recalled the materials from the Gaya Forest, but as expected, a newcomer who just registered bringing out such things would bring too much attention so I gave up .

Then, after giving my thanks to the polite receptionist miss--Luna-san, I take Allen and Elena and leave the guild .

After that, I went to return the temporary identification papers to the west gate and wandered around the town aimlessly afterwards .



Chapter 9


When I wake up in the morning, Allen and Elena were already up . They are clinging on both of my sides staring at my face fixedly .

This has become a habit since our first camping in the forest .

[…… Morning]

[[……Mor… ning…]]

[!!]

They greeted me!! Allen and Elena spoke!

What adorable voices!

I who was greatly impressed hugged the two children reflectively .

◇ ◇ ◇

After having my fill of embracing the two, I finished preparations and we went to the guild .

It’s full of people, unlike yesterday . I go towards the low-rank Request Board while Allen and Elena are tightly sticking to me in order to not get separated .

A low-rank male and female adventurers around my age are gazing at the board .

A great number of Requests are closely packed together on the board .

There are three main types of Requests .

Gathering Request--A gathering job of a specific herbs or monster material .

Subjugation Request--A job to defeat a designated monster . After defeating it, a part of its body is necessary as a subjugation proof .

Escort Request--A job to escort a person/item from a town to a town or protect them in a specific location .

There are little to nothing Escort Requests for low-rankers . So I will be choosing between gathering and subjugation .

N~ what should I pick…… Would taking a gathering herbs request at first be better? With that, Allen and Elena can go with me…

Thinking that, I pick one of the Requests and stand in the queue at the counter .

[The next person]

[Thank you]

My turn finally came .

The receptionist behind the counter is the same that took care of us yesterday, Luna-san .

[Ara, Takumi-san . Good morning . A Request?]

[Good morning . This is the Request, please]

[Excuse me…… A gathering of Lilie Grass, I see . Your Guild Card, please]

I hand the Request I picked to Luna-san after light greetings .

Luna-san confirmed the contents of the Request, received my Guild Card and quickly operated the crystal .

[10 Lilie Grasses is considered a batch so please be careful . The time limit is until three days later]

Luna-san explains the important points of the Request .

[Thank you very much]

While saying my thanks, I received back my Guild Card and we leave the Guild .

We go towards the south gate at once .

There is a small forest in the south of Shirin . There are no monsters aside from E, F Rank slimes, and wolves . It’s a relatively safe area so it’s just the right place for newcomers and unskilled adventurers .

[Allen, Elena . This is the Lilie Grass]

After getting to the forest, I immediately find the Lilie Grass and show it to children . It has a dark green stalk with several jagged maple-like leaves .

The Lilie roots aren’t necessary so I cut the stalk and pick it up without the roots .

[If you find it, gather it like this . Understood?]

After Allen and Elena nod, they start searching the area for Lilie Grass at once .

They found it immediately . They timidly hold it in their tiny hands and trot over to me .

They uneasily look at me while holding out the Lilie Grass to me .

[It’s all right, this is the one . You did great~]

I pat the two children’s heads and receive the Lilie Grass while praising them .

Happy for being praised, kya, kya they make a merry and run off looking for another Lilie Grass .

I’m glad . It seems that their emotions and voices are returning little by little .

I feel relieved that they are growing in the right direction .

Now then, I should also start looking around~

I found the plant right after I began the search .

Oh, Cren Grass and Maryoku Grass are also there . There was a request for that too if I’m not mistaken . Let’s gather that too . Even if the Request won’t be there anymore, I can just store it in the《Infinite Storage》for the time being .

Thinking that, I gather one plant after another .

Along the way, Allen and Elena learned the characteristics of the various plants I was picking and also started looking for them .

Our gathering in the forest continues until the noon and the prepared jute bag was full of gathered herbs .

We gathered a sufficient amount .

[Allen, Elena . Let’s stop for today]

When I call the two, they trot over to me with hands full of herbs .

[You both gathered so much~ Amazing~]

When I praise them after receiving the plants, the two children make joyful expressions .

So cute~ The two laughed a lot today .

[Yosh, let’s return to town after eating a meal]

We left the forest, sat in the middle of a meadow with a great scenery, and returned to the town after eating the food I bought at the stall in the town .

◇ ◇ ◇

When we return to the Guild, I go straight to the Request Board and look for Requests with other herbs .

Umm… Cren Grass, Maryoku Grass, oh, Fenze Grass is also there .

I pick the Requests after comparing the gathered plants with the Requests . I have many plants that are insufficient numbers so I decide to store them in《Infinite Storage》and go to the counter .

[Welcome back]

The one who greeted me at the counter was Luna-san again .

[We have returned . These Requests in addition to the Request we have received this morning]

[I will confirm . Put the materials in this basket please]

After exchanging greetings, I put the Guild Card together with the new Requests on the counter . Luna-san received them and took out a basket .

I place the herbs into that basket . Because all kinds of herbs were in the 10 Requests I picked, I line them up while counting .

[… Y, you have quite a lot . It’s quite difficult to gather this much in half a day…]

[It’s because the children did their best]

The herbs turned into a heap because the basket is unexpectedly small .

Luna-san was a slightly surprised at the amount of herbs I took out, but she promptly started checking the herbs .

[This is this time’s reward]

Once the confirmation of the herbs is done, the reward money is presented . I confirm the amount of money at the counter and put them into a bag .

And when I think of returning--

[Why are brats in here!]

A large, bald adventurer comes over while shouting .




Chapter 10

[Why are brats in here!]

A loud voice echoes around the Guild .

That voice gathers the attention of the other people around .

[They are my company, is there a problem?]

[This is not a place for brats to play!]

[No… they are obediently behaving, right? I don’t think they are being a nuisance to you, but?]

[There are nuisance just by being here!]

[Just by being here, you say…… give me a break…]

This is the type of person who would pick up a fight no matter what I say . I’m certain my words won’t connect with him .

I would like to settle this peacefully, but…… now then, how to deal with this……

I wanted to sigh, but I forcibly suppressed it . The opponent seems to be the type that would get even more agitated by it .

Nevertheless, to think that there would actually be person who would pick a quarrel for no reason…… I thought this would happen only in novels .

[Oi! Don’t ignore me!]

[No, I told you…]

[Aan!? Are you defying me right now?]

The opponent suddenly extends his hand in order to grab me by the collar without a thought .

Ah, it’s no use no matter what I say . Talking is impossible .

Now then…… what to do……

While thinking so, the hand that was grabbing to seize me was suddenly repelled .

[Ah…]

When I let the voice, it was already too late .

Allen and Elena kicked the bald adventurer’s hand away . Then, they proceed to kick him in the abdomen just like that .

The adventurer let’s out[Gu!]a suffering groan while his upper body bent . He then fell back right on his backside .

[Uwa! Stop, stop! Allen, Elena . Wait!]

I shout in panic .

I stop Allen and Elena a second before they can both land ax kick on the collapsed adventurer’s head .

The kicks that were going to land directly on his head just barely swept beside him .

That was dangerous… seriously dangerous…

He would definitely die if those ax kicks landed .

His upper body fall down with a thud and he stopped moving . He must have already fainted after suffering the hit to his abdomen .

A silence drifts in the Guild which was noisy just a minute ago .

The adventurers and the Guild staff stiffened in shock .

Even if they are used to fighting, witnessing small children KO’ing a grown man must have been really surprising .

Well then…… what do I do now?

[Ou . Excuse me……… N? What?]

A person walks into the guild and looks around the frozen stiff guild dumbfoundedly .

[What, what? Did something happen?]

A familiar voice . If I’m not mistaken, it should be one of the west gate Knight-samas .

He is not wearing armor today, but a dark blue knight uniform .

Thanks to him, the stopped time in the Guild started moving again .

First of all, I turn to the Guild staff behind the counter and timidly ask .

[Ah~…… Is there a punishment in a case like this?]

I can’t leave without asking that, right?

◇ ◇ ◇

There was no punishment .

This time, we were not at fault because the other party one-sidedly picked a quarrel with us and we only defended ourselves .

I’m glad…

The fallen adventurer was dragged to the guild’s sick bay by other adventures on the guild staff instructions, he started moving again normally after a while .

[This~ Takumi-san…]

[Yes?]

[See…… the children……]

[He?]

Luna-san reservedly calls out to me . Prompted by those words, I turn around to look at Allen and Ellen…… they were crying .

There were shedding tears without a voice .

[Waa!? Why are you crying!?]

I rush up to the two children in panic and crouch to match their line of sight .

[Injuries… none, right? What’s wrong?]

[…… Don’t… leave us……]

They cling to me with a fragile voice .

Leave? Why?

Perhaps, is it because I raised my voice a little while ago? Are those two uneasy because of that?

They thought I was angry at them…

[I won’t leave you . It’s all right, okay?]

I embrace the crying children while repeating[It’s all right][We are together] in a gentle voice .

It took about ten minutes for those two to calm down .

[Here, you must be thirsty, right?]

Still sobbing a little, I hand the two a fruit juice .

They cried a lot, I must let them rehydrate properly .

[In the end, what has happened?]

Ah, Knight-sama, you are still here…

The Knight-sama from the west gate is the second commanding officer of Shirin Knight’s, a noble named Grunwald Ruven .

A captain of one of five Shirin’s divisions . The second most important person in the Shirin Knights . It seems he came today to talk to the Guild Master .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Grunwald Ruven

【Race】Human

【Occupation】Knight

【Age】26

【Level】32

【Skills】

Swordsmanship | Spearmanship | Throwing | Fire Magic

Horseback Riding | Dismantling | Commanding

Etiquette | Dancing

Physical Attack Resistance

【Titles】

Count Ruven’s Second Son

Knight of the Flaming Sword

＝＝＝＝＝

Un, he has the skills appropriate of a noble knight-sama .

Indeed, a knight should be about riding a horse and swinging weapons around . Besides,【Commanding】 . Un, I feel like it’s necessary for a captain .

【Etiquette】and【Dancing】is noble-ish .

The title【Knight of the Flaming Sword】sounds cool~ Looking at the name, is it about using a sword enhanced with Fire Magic?

…… Oops, he asked a question .

[They probably thought I would abandon them]

[Haa? What’s that about? You, would you do such a thing?]

[I won’t do anything like that! Please don’t such something so disgraceful]

[Then, why are they thinking so?]

[No~ I didn’t perfectly grasp the understanding yet, I still don’t understand well~]

That’s the truth . I don’t know their circumstances before meeting me at that place .

[They are your children…… probably not, they are your sibling, aren’t they?]

[Unfortunately, they are not . I have just met these children recently . To be precise, a week ago? They were in the Gaya Forest]

[Haa?]

[If they were discarded or just lost, I do not know, though]

[Seriously?]

[Yeah . Wasn’t there recently a carriage attacked near the Gaya Forest or something? They were most likely slaves]

Weren’t they sold as slaves because they don’t have parents? Is what I think . After all, if they were in the orphanage, I wouldn’t meet them in a place like that .

[…… There certainly was . A Slave Trader from the Argo was attacked by monsters in the Gaya Forest while heading to this town]

Luna-san immediately recalls the information .

[Ah, as expected . They were probably made into a decoy]

[Children like these…]

[It doesn’t look like they were the ones to become the decoy in the end, though . In this case, how are these children going to be treated? There won’t be problems if I take them in, right? Fortunately, they don’t have any proof of being slaves]

[In that case, they are simply treated as orphans . There won’t be problems to put them into orphanage or raise them yourself . 。Besides, it looks like these children completely recognize you as their guardian . If you’d like, I will guarantee you]

[Ruven-sama, thank you very much]

I was worried about the interference from the merchant, but it doesn’t seem like there will be problems .

It seems like Ruven-sama will become the guarantee .

[Wald is all right . Apart from that--]

[Rather than that, Takumi-san! You went into the Gaya Forest!]

Luna-san interrupts Ruven-sama who said it’s okay to call him Wald-sama, and she bends forward over the counter .




Chapter 11

[Rather than that, Takumi-san! You went into the Gaya Forest?]

[Eh?]

[What’s going on!!]

[… Yes . There were medicinal plants I needed]

What an amazingly angry look……

Gaya Forest…… was there such settings?

[Is the reason you asked about the materials at hand when you came first to the Guild possibly…]

Ah, she noticed . Luna-san, you remember it…

[Do you have them?]

[………]

What to do?

Luna-san is staring at me with a great vigor . No…… no those are eyes looking at a prey……

[You have them, right? …… Right?]

[…… Yes]

Chills ran through my back for some reason .

In the end, I was completely defeated by Luna-san’s insight .

Therefore, I decided to sell the materials I obtained in Gaya Forest .

As expected, because a number of days passed since then, I keep silent about the materials in the《Infinite Storage》and decided to sell only the one processed Red Wolf’s magic stone, fur, claws, fangs, and medicinal plants and fruits .

There wasn’t much, but Guild staff including Luna-san were overjoyed .

There are many calm zones in the outskirts of Shirin except Gaya Forest . The security is tight, the flow of people is high because the town is near the borders, but there doesn’t seem to be many veteran adventurers .

There are only a few adventurers who recently went to Gaya Forest so the stock of advanced materials significally decreased, Luna-san earnestly explained .

[Which reminds me, Wald-sama . Didn’t you come to talk with Guild Master?]

[Yeah, regarding an expedition . We periodically go to the Gaya Forest to thin out the monsters . If left alone, the monsters would start pouring out which would be really troubling]

[Is it a joint expedition of knights and high ranked adventures?]

[Yeah . The number of people I can take is limited because I can’t take everyone along . If I don’t go into the depths, I won’t have enough people]

[It’s an A Rank forest, after all~]

[Because of that, Takumi . You are participating]

Haa? What are you talking about?

[Nono, I’m an F Rank, you know!?]

[If you are able to go alone and defeat a Red Wolf there are no problems, right?]

[………]

Crap, I made a mistake . I shouldn’t take out the Red Wolf materials!

[Oh, it looks that Guild Master is free now . I will make an official request later, don’t run away]

[Wa, wait!]

Saying just that, Wald-sama walks into the Guild Master’s office .

[……… I can reject a designated request, right?]

I ask Luna-san after a while of silence .

[It’s not impossible . But, when it comes to official request from the Knights, it becomes a request of the country so……]

Why did your voice become cloudy at the end!? Please confirm that I can decline!

Why did it become like this? Where did I make a mistake?

Where? I did take out the Red Wolf materials, right……

Uwaa, it’s my fault! Aah, mou…

[Anyway, I’m going home for today……]

[Yes, thank you for your hard work]

[Allen, Elena . We are leaving~]

I lift the two who are still uneasy and leave towards the inn .

◆ ◆ ◆

--Inside the Guild Master’s office .

[Ruven-dono, sorry for the wait]

The one greeting is a grizzled elderly man . This man is precisely the Guild Master of Gadia’s Shirin Adventurer’s Guild branch .

[No problem . It’s I who should apologize for coming during busy times]

Grunwald sits on a sofa, facing the Guild Master . A female staff member puts a cup of tea in front of them, she then bows and quietly leaves the room .

[Nono . Are you here today regarding the subjugation expedition to Gaya Forest?]

[That’s right . As usually, I will leave the arrangements of adventures to you . The time planned is at the beginning of the Fourth Month for one week]

[I understand . I will prepare the request immediately]

[Ah, in addition, please include a nomination for a person named Takumi Kayano this time]

[Takumi Kayano… is it? I’m not familiar with that name, but…]

The business advanced smoothly as usually . But, Grunwald had one more request that is different from the usual .

Grunwald smiled at the Guild Master with a mysterious grin .

[He’s an F Rank newcomer who has registered to the Guild just recently . It’s only natural that Guild Master doesn’t know of him]

[You want to include a new adventurer to the expedition to Gaya Forest?]

[Although a newcomer, he’s no amateur]

Grunwald recalls the moment Takumi came to the town for the first time and the another meeting from today .

He’s an ordinary youth at glance . But, he perceived an extraordinary presence from that youth . It was only his intuition as an experienced fighter, though .

[He caught your eyes, is what you are saying?]

[I’m interested a bit . Therefore, three parties as usual plus one, please]

Besides, the children that are with the youth . They are no ordinary children .

Although he didn’t see it directly, according to the people who saw, those children destroyed a giant man in an instant .

That was enough for Grunwald to show interest .

Incorporating them into a party made of A Rank and B Rank adventurers…

The subjugation expedition in Gaya Forest that Grunwald always considered troublesome . He can’t help it, but to look forward to the due date this time . That is the face Grunwald is making .

◆ ◆ ◆

Later, an official request from the Knights arrived .

The designated request with all the details was handed to me by Luna-san .

Nono, please don’t look at me with that smile!

I will decline…… eh? To decline, I have to go directly to the Knights? No way… that’s impossible…… I understand . I will start preparing…

Eh? Please bring a lot of advanced materials, you say…… Luna-san……




Chapter 12

Few days after Allen and Elena KO’ed the bald adventurer .

At present, we do Requests for two days and take one day off . I’m taking on Requests like this in order to not burden the children’s bodies . We were able to steadily raise our ranks to E .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Takumi Kayano

【Race】Human?［Wind God’s family (Temporary)］

【Occupation】Magic Master

【Age】20

【Level】13

【Skills】

Light Magic 52 | Dark Magic 51

Wind Magic 157 | Space Magic 109

Life Magic 124

Swordsmanship 50 | Throwing 34

Appraisal 202 | Dismantling 117

Cooking 92 | Sewing 23

Washing 12 | Cleaning 31

Crafting 37 | Gathering 13

Concealment 22 | Detection 12

Arithmetics 107 | Reading 125

Oracle 8

Physical Attack Resistance 300 | Magic Attack Resistance 300

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

Friend of Wind God Sylphreel

Savior

＝＝＝＝＝

We defeat monsters on the side while doing Gathering Requests, my level slightly rose, my skills and skill proficiencies increased slightly .

I even obtained a【Savior】title .

Did I receive it only by being together with Allen and Elena?

I don’t know what the standards are, but obtaining titles is not as surprising as meeting with a god, therefore I decided to leave it be for the time being .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Takumi-san, are you not going to a dungeon?]

We came to the guild right in the morning today .

Luna-san inquiries while I view the Request Board while looking for a good Request .

[Dungeon…… ah!!]

Dungeons are all over Aetherdia . I don’t know to what extent the people of this world know about dungeons, but there exist 108 dungeons in total .

Dungeons difficulty is determined by the number and variety of the monsters inside, the floors are divided into a bottom, middle and high levels .

Although people are aware of dungeon’s existence, there are still many undiscovered dungeons . As for how the dungeon’s difficulty is determined……

It’s determined by the existence and efficiency of dungeon’s transfer devices .

Beginner Class--No transfer device .

Intermediate Class--Transfer devices are installed every ten floors .

Advanced Class--Transfer device on each floor .

Such easy to understand criteria are in effect .

Because it seems that capturing a single floor of Advanced dungeon takes up to several days, it wouldn’t be possible to easily capture the dungeon without transfer devices .

In addition, it’s unknown how the dungeons work, but the monster defeated in them don’t leave corpses behind . Instead, defeated monsters leave behind a part of materials--they are leaving behind a Drop Item .

You never know what Drop Item will be left behind .

If you defeat Red Wolf, it’s materials, claws, fangs or meat… you have no choice but to defeat many to get what you need .

Also, it’s possible that a rare item would drop . Some amazing medicine can be obtained .

Maa~ it happens only rarely .

There is a 15-floors deep Low dungeon near Shirin .

[I totally forgot their existence . No wonder we rarely bump into other adventurers outside the twon]

[Is that so? I was certain you didn’t want to go because of the children . You are very helpful because you are taking on Requests on non-dungeon materials, though]

[You mean that most of the adventurers are going to the dungeon?]

[Yes . Most of the adventurers, up to D-Rank go to the nearby dungeon . The adventurers above D-Rank mostly take on Escort Requests . Truthfully, only a few newcomers go to the outskirts of the town]

The monsters near the town aren’t a big deal . You must make a few days trip to arrive at a place with strong monsters .

[The dungeon is a half day on foot from here, after all]

Half a day, huh… it’s surprisingly close .

Going to the dungeon certainly enables making more money than going to the outskirts .

[Then, should we also go to take a look~]

[Eh!? You are going?]

Luna-san gets surprised at my muttering .

[We can’t?]

[Nono, that’s not it . It’s just the designated Request for Gaya Forest is next week, so I was thinking if it’s not too hard timewise……]

[Ah . You could say I intended only to take a look at the bottom floors before challenging, so we should have plenty of time, right? If I deduct a day off before the designated Request and the travel time, we should be diving just for three days]

Because the traveling may increase with Allen and Elena traveling with me, we will be able to dive at least for three days .

It’s plenty of time for sightseeing, right?

[I think so . Fufu . When it comes to Takumi-san and the children I was under the selfish impression that you would “capture” it straight away]

[You are expecting too much from E-Rank adventueres]

[Ara, not at all . It’s not just me, it’s the evaluation of the entire Guild, you know?]

I have a feeling that the Guild’s expectations got heavy since the incident on the day of our first Request .

Even though I was just a human that didn’t stand out at all on Earth, I have a feeling that it’s the exact opposite on Aetherida .

I stopped being normal the moment I became a god’s family, though……

I just can’t get used to it .

I left the guild with such complicated thoughts and purchased the necessities (mainly food) .

After that, I informed the[Komadori Pavilion]couple that we will be going out for a few days and headed towards the dungeon .

◇ ◇ ◇

There was still some time until sunset when we arrived at the dungeon .

The plan was to arrive in the evening, stay overnight and go to the dungeon the next day .

This happened because Allen and Elena walked better than I expected . Their pace was fast with small steps .

There’s no need to hurry that much, I told them, but the two didn’t lower their pace . In addition, their stamina is better than that of an ordinary adult so we have arrived earlier .

Now then, what should we do?

The fourth dungeon “The Dungeon of Earth” .

A 15-floor underground dungeon with an earth attribute . A dungeon with relatively high capture rate .

The entrance to the dungeon is hollowed in a two-story large rock .

From there, a sloping road spreads out . It’s wide enough to fit three adult men . The depths are not fully visible .

Spend a night here as planned or to enter the dungeon nearly……

[In]

[Go~]

While considering what to do, Allen and Elena exclaim .

[Is it really okay? Are you not tired?]

[[Is al~right]]

Since the two say they are okay, I decided to go inside . I will only watch their condition properly and take a break before they get fatigued .

I illuminate the surroundings with《Light》before descending . I can keep on the《Light》for one hour before having to cast it again . As it can only illuminate the surroundings in 1m radius, I locked hands with Allan and Elena and started walking .

[Looks like a normal tunnel, huh]

There is a hall further down . A hall that looks like a tunnel in a large mine .

The walls and floor are made from earth, but it seems to be very sturdy as it’s not easily damaged . In addition, it’s wide enough to swing a sword in all directions . The route in the distance seems to be complicated as a maze, though .

The first straight path comes to an end quickly . It splits into two passages .

Allen and Elena restlessly look at the passages .

Speaking of mazes, walking along one side of the wall will bring us to an exit (the previous path in this situation) without problems… what to do?

The Guild is selling the dungeon map, but it’s only accurate up to the fifth floor so I didn’t purchase it .

Ah, which reminds me, wasn’t there a map function in the menu?

I open the window screen at once .

N~ there’s no map while inside a dungeon . There’s auto mapping function instead . It displays only the way we went .

But, with this, we won’t lose our way no matter which road we go and we will be able to easily return back .

If that’s the case… let’s let the children choose the way .

[Allen, Elena . Which way do you want to go?]

[[? …… That way~]]

They point in the same direction at the same time .

Then, let’s go that way first!




Chapter 13

Proceeding in the directions Allen and Elena have picked, we quickly found stairs leading below .

Looking at the map, this is possibly the shortest way .

In addition, the two children’s opinion which way to take didn’t differ even once . They are demonstrating the twin power to its fullest .

Beshi .

Dokan .

Zuruzuru…

Batain .

Allen’s and Elena’s exploding kicks .

It gets blown off and crashes into the wall .

It slides to the ground just like that .

It ceased to breathe .

How many times did I see the exact same scene…

Un . There’s no enemy! Hahaha .

Because the monsters in the Low Class dungeon aren’t that strong, I let Allen and Elena deal with them as they see fit .

Thereupon, all Slimes, Ground Moles, Ground Spiders (Indeed, this being “Dungeon of Earth” the monsters that appear are mainly that of earth attribute) who appeared …… were defeated one by one .

For now, I let the kids run wild, but such training in the future, would it still be okay? Being strong is not a bad thing . Especially in this world where the average lifespan is shorter than on Earth .

They are still small, so it’s okay, right? In Japan, they would be in pre-schoolers . Pre-schoolers should be playing vigorously, right?

Once they grow up a little more, I will start teaching them, or let them attend school! Everything would be all right then!

We have arrived at the 5th floor without an accident; there is a small room, so I decided to call it a day and camp there .

First, I clean their bodies with《Washing》 . They are not that dirty, but keeping hygiene is good .

Next is the dinner preparation .

I take out portable stove magic tool . Maa~ it’s similar to a tabletop electric cooking device . Although it’s not running on electricity, but on fire magic stones . I have found this magic tool while walking around the town . This was the only magic tool for a reasonable price . But, even if the price weren’t reasonable, I would buy it on the spot because of the convenience .

I put a pot with soup on top of the magic tool and warm it up .

I asked the[Komadori Pavilion]boss if he could cook something for me and this is it . It’s soup with a tomato base, lots of meat and various vegetables .

The sweetness and acidity are refreshing .

Then, I made a potato salad with a fresh bread I bought back in the town . Unfortunately, they didn’t have a square bread, therefore I had to use a round one .

Un, seems good! Well then, itadakimasu .

After eating the dinner, it’s preparations to sleep .

That being said, my sleeping posture is leaning on the wall while sitting wrapped in a blanket with two children clinging to my sides . The same as in Gaya Forest .

Normally, it would be necessary to set up a barrier with Barrier Stones . It’s a defensive measure against both monsters and humans . Bandits for example . Also, I’m afraid to say that nasty adventurers also exist . They would attack an unwatched place and steal all your belongings .

But, I’m the only one of us who can stand a watch . I have a feeling that my body would be able to go on without sleep for a few days, but I have no intention of trying it out .

It’s all right . We will definitely wake up when a person with ill intent approaches us .

That being said, good night .

The next day, the second day .

When I wake up my eyes, Allen and Elena were already up and staring fixedly at my face while clinging to my arms as usual .

I fix my clothes and prepare a simple breakfast .

The menu is sausage and scrambled eggs, fresh bread with strawberry jam .

The sausage and eggs are quickly cooked . The strawberry jam is something Syl prepared for me, made in Japan .

There’s a proper product information-like paper on the jar, but its contents are written with Aetherdia’s letters . And, there is MADE IN JAPAN written on it .

Did Syl intentionally replace it? To be sensible to such degree……

Maa, we three gratefully consumed it .

We took a little break after the breakfast and commenced the capturing of the 5th floor .

We advanced smoothly just like on the first four floors without change .

The Dropped Items weren’t too expensive, but the amount is significant .

There’s no problem if you have a Magic Bag, but there are probably many low ranked adventurers who still don’t have it . If that’s the case, they would probably start sorting out their stuff and dispose of the rest . They probably think it’s all right to dispose of it since the market price is low~ Particularly, this “Slime Jelly” which doesn’t look like it has a use…

What is this used for? It’s squishy and cool, it’s pleasing to touch .

Can this be used for mattress or cushion? Doesn’t it sound lovely? Yosh, let’s try making it if I find time .

First of all,《Infinite Storage》may fertilize it, but I don’t know its use so I will put it together with everything else .

Speaking of baggage, Allen and Elena are fundamentally empty-handed . I want to keep the things they have at them at minimum if they separate from me by any chance~ I don’t have plans to get separated, and there is no problem to start looking for them if they do immediately, but things like money… water, and preserved food . And a knife would also be good to have~

But, all that packed in a bag would get in the way during a close combat… Besides, it would be heavy~

Should I get some low-class Magic Bags for the kids? But, isn’t it dangerous for children to carry expensive magic tools around?

Yosh! Let’s ponder about this matter a bit more!

Beshi .

Dokan .

Zuruzuru…

Batain .

Ah, a wolf flew again .

The enemies are still lacking . We keep on advancing at steady pace .

◇ ◇ ◇

The capturing proceeds and we are currently on the 8th floor . We have captured half of the dungeon .

The quality of the monsters increased a little . An insect monster with a hard shell that Allen and Elena can’t defeat in one hit has started appearing .

The kids have a bad affinity with insect monsters, unlike the usual animal type . Although they won’t get defeated, they will hurt their bodies by hitting that hard shell over and over again, so I decided to take care of the insects myself .

In addition, the monsters have stopped appearing alone and started attacking in groups . From small groups of 2~3 up to a big group of around 10 .

We don’t have any problems, but the first obstacle for the young adventurers is most likely this 8th floor .

While advancing--

[Uwa----!!]

A cry echoes from ahead .

[Please run a~way!!]

The desperate cry was from a party of adventurers . A party of young men and women in their teens .

A group of monsters is chasing the party . Wolves, Horn Rabbits and Slicer Bats, tens of various monsters in a group .

[Wa, hey! What are you doing!?]

A young adventurer stops right after passing us and shouts at us in panic .

“I want to escape quickly” and “We should have left it alone” emotions were transmitted to me from his expression .

[《Wind Cutter》]

When all people in my field of vision disappear, and all in front of me are monsters, I cast wind magic while emphasizing the magic power behind it .

Several wind blades pour on the monsters who changed the target on us .

Un, most of them got defeated .

However, a monster slips from within the cloud of dust . But, at that moment, Allen and Elena charge towards the monster and drive a kick into its body without reserve .

[Eeeeeeeeh---!!]

The young adventurers who witnessed that shout in disbelief .




Chapter 14

[[Picked up~]]

Allen and Elena collect drop items and run up to me with their small hands full .

They seem to properly remember what I was doing in the seven floors until now .

[Thank you . Are you unhurt?]

I receive the items and pat the two children’s head who nod .

[Oniichan will go and have a talk with these people, can you two go and pick up more in the meantime?]

[[Un!]]

There are still many drop items the two weren’t able to carry so when I request them to pick them up, the two energetically answer me . They look overjoyed . To think they would be so happy just because of my request, these children are seriously cute! I pass a jute bag to the kids, tell them to put the items in that and send them off .

Then, I turn around and look back at the boys and girls adventurers who were escaping .

[Now then, have you activated a trap?]

[We are terribly sorry!]

They are not prostrating as Syl normally does, but the boys and girls are bowing down enough that their body height halved .

They seem to understand correctly .

The adventurers have unspoken rules .

To explain it simply--

・The monster priority goes to the party/adventurer who attacked it first .

・Drop item belongs to the one who defeats the monster . However, if he leaves it without picking it up, it’s considered as abandoned and other adventurers can pick it up without a complaint .

・Interfering is prohibited unless asked for help .

These are the unspoken rules .

In addition to these, there’s one more important thing . Only this one unlike other is considered a crime .

That is--

・Monster scapegoating act .

It’s considered the most vicious act .

The scapegoating act these boys and girls did--is a crime .

The act of running away from a monster and involving a nearby person on the way happened quite frequently in the past .

That is still not that bad .

What is even worse is, pulling an aggro and deliberately scapegoating another person . The case of where the scapegoat died are many . With the scapegoat dying, they will then defeat the wounded monster themselves .

Because these things occurred so frequently, it’s now being treated as a crime .

[Maa, I understand you didn’t do it on purpose]

These boys and girls probably ran away because they really felt in danger . The monsters weren’t that strong, but these children couldn’t handle it because there were dozens of them .

Besides, I wouldn’t be so forgiving if they escaped after passing us, but they properly stopped and told us to run away . That earned them a good evaluation from me .

[…… Yes . There was a hidden room and when we opened it to take a look……]

[Hidden room, huh . That has triggered the defense mechanism… You seem to be reflecting on your mistake, so I won’t pursue this matter anymore . I will overlook it this time, but be more careful in the future, okay?]

It’s not like we suffered any damage, and they seem to be reflecting on it . Therefore I won’t noisily nag them anymore .

At any rate, to think Low-Class dungeon also has traps~

We have ignored hidden rooms on the way so far . Bottom floors of Low-Class dungeon surely don’t have anything worthwhile, so we went without looking for them .

[[Many~!]]

Just when we finished speaking, Allen and Elena trotted over with bag full of materials .

[Thanks you . Are you not tired?]

[[We al~right]]

I receive the bag full of materials and pat the children’s heads .

[[Ah! There~]]

[N?]

[Uwaaa! A Poison Spider!!]

Allen and Elena point at the ceiling while having their heads patted .

I look up and see a Poison Spider hanging there .

The boys and girls look towards the place Allen and Elena are pointing and make a fuss .

As the name suggest Poison Spider is a 1m dark red venomous spider . It doesn’t have a lethal poison, but it’s poison will inflict strong paralyzation .

This spider excels at stealth, it will bite a person from behind, once the person stops moving it will capture him/her in its thread, and it will bring the person back to its nest still alive .

The poison can be immediately detoxified if there are companions around, but if alone, the venomous bite will become fatal . Therefore, this monster is responsible for many adventurer fatalities .

[《Air Shot》]

I hit the Poison Spider hanging from the ceiling with magic . The crushed Poison Spider falls to the ground and turns into a drop item . The Poison Spider’s drop item seems to be its poison . For some reason, it was already in a bottle when it fell to the ground .

Dungeon is really a mysterious place . Just where did this bottle appeared from……

[…… It was defeated immediately]

[N? The Poison Spider doesn’t have that much fighting ability if you are careful of its stealth, right?]

[Nono, you can’t defeat it that quickly . Fist, we can’t even reach it!]

[Well, it’s impossible with a sword, but don’t you have someone who can use magic in the party? If you don’t, you should have someone with a bow or throwing knives, right?]

[That is……]

There may not be anyone who can use magic by the swords hanging from everyone’s waist . However, if done right, even these boys and girls should be able to defeat a Poison Spider .

Even if they can’t beat it in one blow, it’s possible to defeat the Poison Spider with a well-placed arrow or a knife .

[I don’t see anyone carrying a bow which leaves throwing…… do you perhaps lack a long distance attack?]

[As expected, is that bad?]

Children of this age probably think that magic and bow is too dull compared to a sword .

[No . It’s not like it’s absolutely indispensable . But, I believe it will increase the broadness of attacks you can use . The offensive power may be certainly lower than that of a sword, but it has a potential to shoot stuff down just like I did earlier, and it’s also usable to distract the opponent . Besides, you don’t need to abandon your primary weapon with throwing knives . It’s also all right to use stones instead of throwing knives]

[…… Stones . I see!]

[Arrows and Throwing Knives are consumables, after all . Purchasing them at lower ranks is hard]

Arrows and Throwing knives are cheap but fragile . They may get ruined after a single use . Their costs would then start piling up .

Of course, there are more durable ones, but they are something that low ranked adventurers can’t possibly get .

In comparison, stones on the ground are free . Depending on the size and hardness, a stone can become a satisfactory weapon .

[Ah, again~]

[Kita~]

Allen and Elena found another Poison Spider on the ceiling .

[Allen will throw~]

[Elena too~]

[N?]

Saying that, both Allen and Elena pick up a baseball size stone from the ground…… and throw .

--Dokon!

Eh!?

A loud noise of a direct hit resounds .

It doesn’t look like it was enough to finish it, but the Poison Spider falls on the ground while twitching .

[[It fell~!]]

[Eeeh!?]

The boys and girls let out shocked voices at the sight of the Poison Spider getting hit by children younger than them .

Ah, this reminds me, the two have a throwing skill… it also seems to have a reasonable proficiency .

The twitching Poison Spider stops moving and transforms into a drop item . It died .

[These children……]

The boys and girls are in a great shock .

Un . Allen and Elena are extraordinary . You must not compare yourselves to them!

We parted from the boys and girls who returned to the surface and resumed the capturing .




Chapter 15

We have advanced smoothly through 8 ~10 floors with few short breaks .

The number of people coming in and out on these floors steadily decreased, and the hidden rooms and treasure chest we discovered are scarce .

The contents of the treasure chests were Low-grade Stamina and Mana potions . Stamina potion is a magic potion that replenishes stamina while Mana potion is used by mages to recover magical power . They are the game’s standard items .

They come in Low grade, Medium grade, High grade and Special grade, the quality and amount of recovery increases the higher the grade is .

The ones we obtained are of Low Grade so their recovery power isn’t that great . But, magic potions itself are expensive goods and are precious drops for adventurers in this dungeon .

[[That way~]]

I’m afraid to say that I have come all the way here without being tired or feeling a loss of magic power, though…

Maa~ there might be a time where they will be useful so let’s set them aside without selling them .

Speaking of magic potions, a magic potion that cures diseases and wounds, a Healing potion also exists on Aetherdia . In addition to drinking, it can also be apparently used directly on the wound . Furthermore, potions used for detoxifications and potions that temporarily increase physical strength also exist .

There also is a secret medicine among the Healing potions . Maa, you won’t be able to see one easily, though . The secret medicine can heal any incurable diseases and apparently even restore lost limbs . I’d rather connect the torn off arm than grow a new one……

N~ I want to see it, I don’t want to see it… a complicated feeling .

The items in my possessions are generic drugs like medicine for cold and stomach medicine, but I don’t have any Healing potions . I think there won’t be any problems since I have a Healing magic, but I would like to get my hands on one just in case .

[[Here~]]

Oh! The two children found stairs leading to the next floor .

The moment we descended on the 11th floor, a Wild Ape has leaped towards us .

[Kiiiiiーー!]

Wild Ape is an orangutan-like monster .

Despite the sudden attack, Allen and Elena pour kicks on the Wild Ape straight away .

The Wild Ape crashes into a wall . The Wild Ape who was suddenly flug against a wall in counterattack looks dumbfounded .

Allen and Elena pursuit that momentary opening . The defenseless Wild Ape ceased to breathe under the twins’ kicks .

It’s neck evidently snapped……

The Wild Ape’s corpse disappears and leaves behind a drop item . It’s Wild Ape’s fur . It’s a good thing for a Low Class dungeon . But, this much is not enough to make equipment of it . Let’s deposit it in《Infinite Storage》for now .

Still, the perception and hand-to-hand combat sense of the twins is terrific .

They advance without getting lost and can discover monsters quickly .

Even though no one taught them, even I who know close to nothing about Martial Arts can understand their splendid movements . They are most likely moving on instinct .

I’m genuinely happy that some influential person does not shelter these two .

The thing Syl might have been worried is this .

However, I have a certain feeling that I’m also taking advantage of them, but is that all right……

[[Kita~]]

Allen and Elena discovered another monster . A snake monster, Clay Snake has appeared .

[Oh, wait a moment!]

I stop Allen and Elena who were going to leap at the enemy .

The two obediently stop moving and fixedly stare at my face .

[That thing has a poison in its fangs, let me take care of it]

That’s right, the Clay Snake has a minuscule amount of poison in its fangs . Similarly to the Poison Spider from before, it’s a monster I want the bare handed children to avoid fighting with .

When the two nod in affirmation, I shoot out the《Wind Cutter》 .

Of course, it was an instant kill . The dropped item is Clay Snake’s skin .

As soon as I pick it up, another monster appears . Three Giant Bees, honey bees the size of an adult .

[Be careful of the stinger]

[[Wa~i]]

When I remind the children to be careful, they cheerfully reply .

Un . Although it was only one word, the two’s vocabulary steadily increasing . It’s a good thing .

The Giant Bee is a monster with considerably nimble movements . They take full advantage of their aerial movements to attack Allen and Elena . Allen and Elena smoothly dodge that and counterattack . However, the Giant Bees retreat to the air where the two can’t reach .

Allen and Elena who have unusually hard time turn in pursuit of the Giant Bees .

Un . It’s a game of tag no matter how I look .

I intend to help as soon as it becomes dangerous, but how can I destroy the spectacle of the twins having fun?

Oh! They have been chasing it individually at first, but the two now move in a pincer attack .

Elena chances while Allen sneaks around to the Giant Bee’s destination . They safely brought it down the first one .

Cooperation is the twin’s field of expertise . They can determine their roles just with an eye contact .

They knock down the second one immediately . N? …… I feel like they didn’t make an eye contact .

These two, are they actually using telepathy to communicate? The cooperation was so splendid it forced me think that .

[[Defeated~]]

Allen and Elena had a hard time dealing with the bees at first, but in the end, it took them less than ten minutes to deal with the three bees . They pick up the bee’s drop items and trot over to me .

[You worked hard]

I receive the drop items while praising and patting the twins’ heads . The dropped items are 1 Bee Stinger and 2 jars of Honey .

Oh, it’s honey! A very precious item on Aetherdia which lacks sweetness .

Of course, the sugar is also being sold, but its slightly higher in price . The price for one kg is around several thousand yen . It’s around ten times more expensive than in Japan?

It’s enough to be called a luxury for a commoner . You would be able to stay a night at an inn with two meals at that price .

Because I have an absolutely higher income than I have had in Japan, I can buy anything if I say so myself .

However, I shouldn’t do that . I’m hesitant about buying it . The quality isn’t that good .

Therefore, I can’t help, but keep on thinking about getting a normal honey……

Moreover, the honey inside the jars have a beautiful golden color and look incredibly delicious .

Un, if we meet more Giant Bees, let’s take an aggressive stance against them!

We encountered Giant Bees immediately even without searching . Despite there being five of them this time, Allen and Elena defeated them right away .

Isn’t their learning ability amazing? I thought that, but since there’s nothing wrong about it, I decided to leave it alone .

The drop items are 1 Giant Bee’s Wing, 2 Stingers and 2 Jars of Honey .

Doing well, so smooth!

Nevertheless…… is there a problem that the twins defeated 70% of the encountered monsters……? The monsters I defeated are only poison monsters and hard-shelled insects, and I also acted when we encountered big groups . Allen and Elena dealt with everything else .

If I had to say, the two are advancing while fighting . But, they seem to be having fun, so I let them dealt with it unless it gets dangerous .

However, if other people saw it, won’t they say that I’m working the children too much? Because I’m just watching from behind while the two children fight .

Shouldn’t I be more responsible as a guardian? It’s not like I’m forcing them to do it, so it’s okay, right?

[[Found it~]]

The two found the stairs to the next floor . Do I rely on them too much?




Chapter 16

Good morning .

Today is the third day since we entered the dungeon .

We have crisply advanced through the 12th floor yesterday and were able to find the stairs to the 13th in the evening . I have decided to stay the night before proceeding further .

Therefore, we are currently staying at the entrance to the 13th floor .

The plan was to head back to the town in three days, but I think we can capture the dungeon today or tomorrow if everything goes smoothly .

I have heard that once we defeat the boss on the 15th floor, we can use a transfer device that would take us directly to the first floor .

In the worst happens and we are not able to defeat the boss, we should be able to get back on the day before the next request .

Having decided to keep on advancing, I prepare the breakfast first .

Today’s menu has been decided .

I beat eggs, sugar, and milk together to create an egg wash, soak the bread that was within the food Syl prepared for me in it . I melt butter in a pre-heated pan, put the bread in the pan and carefully cook both sides .

Un . It’s the French toast .

I pour the honey we obtained yesterday over the dish . U~n, it smells nice .

Well then, itadakimasu .

Oh! Yummy!

I understand the deliciousness with just a bite . Even though there’s intense sweetness, it’s not too heavy . Giant Bee’s honey…… delicious . Indeed, this is worth obtaining by all means .

Allen and Elena also seem to be pleased with it . They are eating in a trance .

After I had observed Allen and Elena eat for a while, I wanted to resume my meal, but a group of Giant Bees suddenly appeared from within the passage . The prey came to us on their own .

[I will take care of it, you two eat up]

I stuff my cheeks with French toast, inform the two while trying to chew it down, stand up and face the Giant Bees .

[《Air Shot》]

First, I aim at the group and shoot a sphere of air .

I was able to shoot down several of them, but more than a half were able to avoid because of their nimbleness .

[《Wind Cutter》]

I shoot several wind blades this time .

The Giant Bees got shot in succession by the wide blades .

Yosh, I was able to defeat them all this time .

After beating all the Giant Bees, I went over and collected all drop items rolling on the floor .

Most of them were wings and stingers, but I was able to obtain two more jars of honey .

While returning to continue my breakfast, another monster emerged from the passage .

Are? It’s another Giant Bee . Let’s clean up for the time being .

But, why do they keep on appearing?

I take a look at our breakfast and suddenly realize . Did the bees smell the sweet scent of honey and came over?

Oh! Could the Giant Bees be lured out by any chance?

It may be worth trying it out .

After the meal, we started the 13th-floor capture right away .

While doing so, I carried an opened jar of honey in my hand .

Then--

[Tou!][Ho!][Nsho!][Yaa!]

As a result, the fact that the Giant Bees are attracted to the scent of honey has been established .

They took the bait! A seriously big catch .

Giant Bees assault us in sequence surprising me in the process . This completely exceeded my expectations!

Of course, the Giant Bees are knocked down by Allen and Elena who fight them joyfully without getting exhausted .

[[H~on, h~on]]

Dozens of Giant Bees have appeared, but they were all defeated .

[[E~y, e~y]]

It seems that honey has ultimately become Allen’s and Elena’s favorite, their mood soars with every discovered jar .

They make an incredibly nice smile each time they pick a jar up . That’s too cute! Was that just now a Honey theme song? They make noises resembling singing while picking up the drop items, but that is also undisputedly cute!

[[Honey, was there~!]]

The Twins trot over to me with a smile and arms full of drop items . Because that was also too cute, I plentily patted their heads .

They should be my siblings based on age, but I’m just like a foolish parent since the beginning……

In the end, after a half a day of honey collecting, we smoothly advanced up to the end of the 14th floor where we found the stairs to the 15th floor .

Honey? Of course, we secured plenty!




Chapter 17

Fourth day in the dungeon .

We advanced through the 15th floor’s complex design smoothly and arrived at a massive double door made from soil .

It’s finally time to challenge the boss, but this is the boss room, right? It indeed has a strange atmosphere .

I will be embarrassed if this doesn’t turn out to be the boss room……

While thinking so, I touch the heavy door and slowly open them--Gigigi, the door opens, and I face the room .

A spacious dome-like room is inside . The size is comparable to a small concert arena .

I lead Allen and Elena by their hands and step inside--Gatan, the door behind us shuts with a loud noise .

The behind shines when I look back at the closed door .

Looking back forward, light emits from the center of the room . And then, after several seconds when the light weakens, a beast’s roar echoes around the room .

[Sha------!!]

Approximately 7-8 meters long worm appears at the place where the light emerged from . Un, it’s that . A gigantic earthworm .

I see, after a fixed period of time passes, the door automatically closes and then the boss comes out .

[Allen, Elena . You two wait here]

The two nod in affirmation and I start running towards the worm .

[《Wind Cutter》]

[Sha~!]

[Oops]

I shoot magic towards the worm as a preliminary test . The worm avoids, and it throws its whole body towards me .

I twist my body and evade the worm’s large body by running to a different direction .

This worm is unexpectedly fast for its size . It doesn’t look like a monotone magic will work against it .

Now then, how should I defeat this fellow--while in thought……

[Sha~!]

The worm shoots《Sand Ball》at me .

[Hee~, then I will…《Air Shot》]

I shoot magic too and offset the opponent’s magic .

[Next is……《Wind Arrow》]

I shoot countless wind arrows straight ahead . If monotone magic is no good, then I just have to fire a spell it won’t be able to evade .

Un? That’s right, it’s a simple brute force approach . I don’t need overcomplicated tactics .

The trajectory of《Wind Arrow》that fly straight ahead is easy to read, but it compensates with speed . Moreover, I shot dozens of them at once, as expected, the worm with its massive body size can’t avoid everything even if it can move quick .

[Sha-----!!!!!]

As planned, the《Wind Arrows》pierce the worm’s body, it raises a suffering cry and wriggles in pain .

[This is the over! 《Wind Arrow》]

I have used the chance it wriggled in pain and gathered a lot of magical power .

[!!! Sha---………]

Doshin, the worm collapsed to the ground with its whole body hollowed .

It’s over .

The《Wind Arrows》pierced its body, the worm’s body faintly shines, its corpse disappears, leaving behind drop items .

After surprisingly defeating the worm with ease,”Low Class dungeon’s boss was just something like that” is what came to my mind first . I wonder if the power bestowed upon be ‘s too big, I’m very troubled .

I mean, all magic I used are general spells with about 50 proficiency .

Maa, it’s better than fighting a life-threatening battle . I gather the drop items while thinking such .

The drop items are a baseball sized yellow magic stone, Worm Meat, and several worm fangs .

…… Earthworm meat . Worm Meat is a high-class ingredient? Uun… but, I don’t want to eat something like that…… I will collect it for now, but do I sell or hoard it?

Ah! But, if I sell it, would it expose that we captured the dungeon? Ah, but, would the Guild staff be able to see it on my Guild Card?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Dungeon Record】Fourth Dungeon “Earth” 15 floors captured .

【Title】Captor of a Low Class Dungeon

＝＝＝＝＝

When I took out the Guild Card to confirm, it was well listed there . Un, this is not okay . I will get exposed when I receive a Request……

The capture itself is not the problem . The problem is that we have captured the dungeon only in a few days… First of all, let’s keep quiet by not receiving any requests for a while!

That means the earthworm meat is getting stored inside the《Infinite Storage》!

When I came to a conclusion, tosun, I felt a light impact on my legs . Allen and Elena rushed to me and clung to my legs before I noticed .

[Good?]

[Over?]

[Thank you for waiting . It’s over . You are not injured, right?]

[[Al~right]]

I was careful not to shoot magic into the children’s direction, but I confirm to make sure . Un, no problems here .

Speaking of which, what about the records on the two’s Guild Cards?

Thinking that, I take out Allen’s and Elena’s Guild Cards to check, and find that the two have the same records properly listed on their cards .

The condition seems to be to reach this floor regardless of actually damaging the boss .

--Gogogogogo .

A door suddenly appears on the opposite side of the room .

After putting the cards away, we passed through the door and entered a room with a crystal on a pedestal .

This seems to be the transfer device . We can get back to the 1st floor by touching the crystal .

Switching my gaze from the transfer device, I find a nicely decorated treasure chest at the back of the room . This room which opened after defeating the boss--has apparently a small chance for a treasure chest to appear .

Meaning that this is a complimentary gift?

It doesn’t seem to be locked, and it doesn’t look like there’s a trap . I open it and see five red marble-like things inside .

Appraising it--

＝＝＝＝＝

【Exploding Flame Sphere】

An exploding sphere that will activate after pouring magical power inside and leaving a fixed proximity of the caster .

＝＝＝＝＝

This has… a grenade-like feeling to it? Instead of pulling a pin, you pour magical power inside, right? It’s an extraordinarily dangerous smelling magic tool .

… But, it’s power is worrisome . Should I try it somewhere once?

I take out the five spheres from the treasure chest and face the transfer device again after confirming that the treasure chest vanished .

All you have to do to activate the transfer device is to touch the crystal . Because the person that are holding onto the individual who touches the crystal transfer together, there is no need to leave anyone behind so I have decided to hold Allen and Elena in my arms and let them touch the crystal .

[Yosh . Then, touch that crystal]

[[Ha~i]]

As Allen and Elena touch the crystal at the same time, I start feeling a little dizzy . We moved to a familiar looking place at the same time .

Looks like we safely arrived at the hall at the 1st floor . I check the map just in case and confirm that we are indeed on the 1st floor .

The dizziness was surely due to the transfer as I’m already feeling well . Confirming that there’s no problem with Allen and Elena, I put the two down and lead them outside .

N~… outside!

The wind brushing my cheeks feels very nice .

Like this, we were able to capture a dungeon for the first time safely .




Chapter 18

It was just about noon when we got out of the dungeon . We ate lunch in front of the dungeon and set on grassy plains to return back to the town .

And then, I notice a snow-white dog fur? No…… wolf? 10 meters in front of us .

Isn’t that wolf sitting in a proper posture while vigorously wagging its tail? Is it someone’s pet or a monster, a quite worrying scene .

If I had to say…… a pet? Its actions are that of a perfectly trained pet dog…… Also, Allen and Elena are not cautious of it at all .

After thinking if we should intercept or avoid it, I appraise it just in case--

＝＝＝＝＝

【Name】

【Race】Fenrir［Takumi’s contracted beast］

【Age】5

【Level】25

【Skills】

Water Magic | Ice Magic | Claw Slash | Evasion

Shrinking | Night Vision | Presence Detection

＝＝＝＝＝

……………

…………

………

…… Un, it’s a monster . Moreover, a Fenrir . It’s an S-Rank monster……

Fenrir is water and ice attributed wolf with quick movements, strong claws, and fangs which likes to fight at a close range . An awfully strong monster, normally…

It can’t be seen as a monster while wagging its tail like that .

But, this, what’s going on……

My contracted beast, what does that mean? I don’t remember making any contracts, though??

When I check my status just in case, the skills【Monster Handling】【Taming】and【Monster Contractor】suddenly appeared .

I have no knowledge about this . This must be that . It’s Syl, right?

I can’t leave it as it is, so when I beckon it to come over, the Fenrir’s tail wagging increases and it runs over . And then, when it comes to my feet, it sits down again .

Un . Good doggy .

Nevertheless, looking at it up close, it’s huge . Even after it sat down, my line of sight nearly didn’t change…… Is it bigger than a cow?

The children would be completely squashed during a play . Even I’m in danger……

While observing the Fenrir in front of me, the Fenrir was also jii~ staring at me with its blue eyes .

[You are a contracted beast?]

[Wafu]

It replied to me when I asked .

It seems to understand what I say . If that’s the case--

[Hand]

[Wafu]

[Second]

[Wafu]

[Down]

[Wafu]

Un, flawless .

It seems to have received general training .

[Wafu!]

[N?]

The Fenrir barks, drawing my attention back to at it as if it was expecting something .

What? But, a typical pet dog would be like this, right?

[……… Yoshyosh?]

When I pat its head, it snuggles up to me comfortably . Seems like I was right . A complete pet dog!? You, are you really an S-Rank monster?

While patting it, the hem on both sides of my clothes are being pulled . Allen and Elena are pulling on the hem .

[What’s the matter?]

[[…………]]

When I look down to match their eyes, the two lift my hands up, turn my palms upwards and put their little hands on it .

………………

……………

…………

… N?

[…………………………………………………… Hand?]

[[Wan!]]

[~~~!!]

What is this cuteness!!!

Because they were too cute, I ended up hugging the two unconsciously .

Hand!! What!? Imitating the Fenrir!?

Eh? Jealousy? Where they perhaps jealous because I paid attention to the Fenrir!?

I was troubled about treating the Fenrir as a pet, but they imitated it!! That’s seriously adorable, though!? I must pay full attention to those two!

I squeeze Allen and Elena in my embrace so tightly they kya, kya happily, while the Fenrir rubbed its face against us and began to lick .

In the end, Allen, Elena and the Fenrir ended up mutually hugging each other .

Ah, because leaving a contracted beast alone in a place like this is impossible, I named the Fenrir Joule1, put Allen and Elena on its back and set towards the town .

The town walls are visible . We have arrived at the town before it got dark .

There, I decided to take Joule into my shadow .

Thanks to Dark Magic, contracted beasts can enter the shadow of the user and be summoned back if necessary .

Unlike Tamed monsters, Contracted beasts are not required to always accompany you . That is the strength of Contracted beasts, is what I think .

Like this, I can walk around with S-Rank Joule without attracting unnecessary attention .

Allen and Elena were reluctant, but it would definitely get noisy if we walk with Joule around, right?

It seems it can become small as a puppy with its【Shrinking】skill, but because I have no collar, it’s better like this today .

I better prepare a collar soon . While thinking so, we entered the town .




Chapter 19

After entering the town, we went straight to the temple first . Of course, it’s to talk with Syl .

(Syl, you here~?)

(Uwa-----n!! Takumi-sa---n!!）

Uwa, what happened!?

As soon as I spoke, I could hear Syl’s outrageous crying voice .

(I”m glad…… gusun…… yo”u came to see meeee~)

Syl continues to cry .

Did I do something? N~? …… Nn!?

Ah! That thing!? That thing when I picked up Allen and Elena!

Which reminds me, I didn’t contact him since then . I just had nothing to talk about, but does Syl think that I’m still angry!?

It’s Syl, he’s definitely under that impression .

(Ah~…… Syl, sorry…… I’m not mad at you so stop crying)

(Dullard… No…… I was in the wrong…… gusun)

Un . I can’t tell him that I completely forgot about that matter……

(Look, don’t cry . I’m at fault for not coming sooner, but I have something I’d like to ask you)

(Ye”s . What is it?)

I decided to stop worrying about the crying Syl and get down to business .

(Today, my contracted beast has appeared, but it was sent by you, right Syl?)

(Contracted beast?)

(The monster Fenrir . It’s now in my shadow)

(Fenrir!? Ah---!! Water’s! So cunning!! Even though I wanted to send one first!!)

Oya? Looks like it wasn’t Syl . But, he seems to know the sender . They are related to a god, after all……

(Even though I told him to wait!! Mou! I will also send one immediately!!)

(Nono, wait a moment! Before that, by “Water’s” you meant that the one who send it is the Water God-sama?)

(More precisely, the Water God’s family . It definitely was the Nagas . It looks like they wanted to express their gratitude . I’m also looking after many other things for you . I will send it now)

Before the excited Syl could do something I stopped him and confirmed the sender of Joule for the second time .

Water God… It was from his family .

--Piron♪

Moreover, they sent items .

Gratitude…… No, it’s definitely about Allen and Elena, but is this all right? I thought it would be[Water God]because Allen and Elena possess water skills, but…

Although he didn’t give a detailed explanation, is it all right for him to get exposed by himself?

Would it be better just to ignore it from now on? I can figure it out from Water God’s family, but Syl hasn’t realized yet…

When I confirm the items that were transferred to me, the item list got absurdly long .

Even though I just skimmed through it, isn’t this full of treasures!

This is more than I expected .

(Is it all right to receive that much?)

(Yes, please accept it . The Water Nagas went out in high spirits to search for the next item, so I think they will bring more to me again . I will send it to you that time!)

(Eh? Next? Why!?)

Nono! This much is already enough!? Don’t I have enough to be considered a millionaire?

(I have properly received their feelings! More than this is a bit!)

(Why? Please, accept it without hesitation . It’s something that was originally crammed in a warehouse anyways . I’m just sorry that I could drag out only this . Ah, even though it was crammed there’s no problem with the condition!)

That is not the problem here . I am not worried about the condition!?

The items can be preserved in the《Infinite Storage》, I’m not worried about the preservation technique of gods!

In the first place, isn’t the sense of values of gods wrong? They surely don’t need many things… Besides, a god with a sense for money seems somewhat unpleasant……

Ah~, nevertheless, aren’t the items I received offerings to a god? Is that all right? No, it’s okay, right…… the god himself is giving it to me……

Un, I would feel bad investigating further .

(Syl, I’m thankful, but I won’t be able to use it if I receive more)

(It’s all right! It’s something we completely forgot about after not touching it for several hundreds of years! It would definitely find more use with Takumi-san!)

Syl starts talking with a scarily refreshing face .

Forgot!? Aren’t you too cruel!? To whom? Of course, to the people that made the offering .

You are receiving their feelings properly? Maa… in that case .

But, that has nothing to do with me accepting it or not . Eh, I won’t receive a divine punishment? What is this… are you threatening me!?

In the end, I was forced to give up .

To lose a quarrel with Syl, I feel somehow disappointed in myself……

(Well then, all that’s left is my Contracted beast!)

Tsk! He didn’t forget .

Because it’s Syl, I was expecting him to forget .

(I have Joule already, it’s all right)

(Why!? If you have it, your battle force will increase, you can even use it for traveling! It’s convenient!

(No, it certainly is convenient and cute, right? But, taking care of animals is hard?)

Although I still don’t know what it takes, if they keep on increasing would be a bit…

(It’s all right! There’s no problem even if you lead the Contracted beast alone . Feeding is not necessary, all you have to do is to let it play outside occasionally! You can walk around with it when it’s in its small, pet form . Ah! That being the case, you will need a collar)

S-Rank monster as a pet…… it certainly has a friendly character and doesn’t look like a monster……

Collar, huh… I would like it if its flexible, but you see…

(But~……)

(Then, I will return that Fenrir to water! And then I will send a new child to Takumi-san!)

(Why did it become like that)

(That’s because Takumi-san is my family, you know! You should have a wind attributed Contracted beast, not a water attributed one!

Syl’s voice became tearful .

Does he dislike me having a different attributed Contract beast?

(Ah~ I understand! I understand already! I will leave it to you)

(Yes! Leave it to me! The water one is a dog, so I will send a cat? Or perhaps a bird? Ah! I will send it tomorrow so, could you go outside the town then?)

（Alright）

As Syl said, our battle force will increase, it won’t become a nuisance, and it concerns Syl’s dignity as the Wind God, I should just accept .

With my acknowledgment, Syl starts choosing the Contracted beast .

(What should I pick~ Would one for traveling be better?)

(Syl?)

(No, will scouting be more useful? N~-----)

(O~i)

…………………… He isn’t listening .

Maa, I asked what I wanted to ask… Oh, well .

(Then, see you later)

Looks like my words don’t reach Syl who is happily choosing the Contracted beast . Because it couldn’t be helped, I said the greetings for my own sake and left the temple .




Chapter 20

The next day, we left through the south gate and arrived at a prairie . Because we came without visiting the Guild, I’m in a complete whole picnic mood .

Allen and Elena are already chasing Joule around the meadows .

--Piron♪

I was relaxing while watching the kids play . And then, I heard the sound I already got used to recently .

Then, a shadow of an animal entered my vision .

Are? There are two?

Doesn’t it say they are both my Contracted beasts when I appraise them?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Name】

【Race】Thunderhawk [Takumi’s Contracted beast] 【Age】3

【Level】20

【Skills】

Lightning Magic | Beak Peck | Flight | Surprise Attack

Farsight | Night Vision | Area Investigation

＝＝＝＝＝

The Thunderhawk is a small falcon with gold-colored feathers .

It manipulates Lightning magic, and its quick movements itself are that of lightning, it’s an A-Rank monster .

Even though I said small, it’s around 30cm tall . Is it just barely able to stand on my arm?

As a test, I display my arm horizontally, before long, the Thunderhawk who was circling above me lands on my arm .

These doesn’t seem to be any problem . However, its nails unexpectedly cut into my arm . I’m wearing a leather jacket, so it doesn’t hurt, but would an arm cover that Falconer use necessary in the future?

The second beast who came along is already rubbing its head against my stomach while emitting a rumbling noise from its throat .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Name】

【Race】Celestial Tiger [Takumi’s Contracted beast] 【Age】5

【Level】25

【Skills】

Wind Magic | Flight | Claw Slash | Evasion

Shrinking | Night Vision | Presence Detection

＝＝＝＝＝

It’s a tiger…… a white tiger with blue eyes . Celestial Tiger is an S-Rank monster .

A monster which can manipulate the wind and run in the sky freely . It’s said that Celestial Tigers can pass even through devastating storms .

Its size is similar to Joule .

Syl was torn between a cat and a bird…… It’s a bird . Thunderhawk is definitely a bird . The Celestial Tiger is…… well, it certainly is a feline, right?

However, I didn’t think he would send me both .

I named the two new additions immediately . The Celestial Tiger is Feat and the Thunderhawk is Bolt .

Then, I retrieve the items from《Infinite Storage》that I received from Syl . There was a hill when I took it all out .

Seems like Syl prepared quite a lot .

He said he would prepare a collar, but it’s not just that, there’s also a pendant, a bracelet, and a ring .

A mountain of materials . Detailed embroidery, leather items, and even metal armor .

From simple to cute and gorgeous clothes . Various items that could support every hobby you may want to do .

Furthermore, it’s flexible to the degree that every person and even beasts would be able to use it .

The same old lavish hospitality…

[[Sparkly~]]

Before I noticed, Allen and Elena returned to me and looked at decorations in their hands .

…… Are? Wait… a moment……

These are jewels!? All these stones are jewels!? I thought they were Magic stones, but I was obviously wrong!

Sapphire, ruby, emerald, diamond!?

The items Allen and Elena were looking at were all made with gorgeous jewels . Of course, it’s sparkly~ then!

No~ that seriously surprised . It was a jaw-dropping surprise .

More than a practical use, this would have an artistic value, right? It’s that . The rich people attach it to their pets to brag about their superiority thing……

For Joule and others? Nonono, nai wa~ Anyway, I decided to put things that didn’t look necessary right now away .

I like More simple, or rather more modest design~ .

[N~… this is good]

＝＝＝＝＝

【Collar of Nullification】

A collar with a (medium) abnormal status resistance .

＝＝＝＝＝

What caught my eye is a smooth leather belt with a silver embroidery and a large magic stone . The effect it has is good . Let’s use this . There seems to be more than one .

A blue magic stone for Joule . I then put a collar with a green magic stone on Feat, confirmed the collars’ sizes, and made them both shrink .

[Un . Seems all right]

The collar properly shrank with the body . Magic tools are seriously convenient~

[[Wanwan!?]]

[Kyan!]

[[Nya~ nya~!?]]

[Na~u]

Suddenly, Allen and Elena got surprised at Joule’s and Feat’s small appearances and imitated them to ensure that they are Joule and Feat .

Joule and Feat properly replied to Allen and Elena’s call .

I really wanted to take a photo of the scene of two children playing with two animals, but I don’t have a camera, so I gave up . How regrettable…

Pulling myself together, I pick the next item .

[Ah, this may be good]

＝＝＝＝＝

【Strong Arm Bracelet】

A bracelet with (small) physical strength increasing effect .

＝＝＝＝＝

What caught my attention next are golden bracelets . An increase in offensive ability is good . I took the small bracelet to Joule’s and Feat’s forepaw, and it shrunk to fit their small sizes .

Joule and Feat should be good with this . I decided to find a magic tool for Bolt next .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Pendant of Nullification】

A pendant with a (medium) abnormal status resistance .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Bracelet of the Gale】

A bracelet with (small) speed increasing effect .

＝＝＝＝＝

These two?

I put the pendant and bracelet on Bolt immediately .

Will his balance worsen if I put it only on one leg? Thinking that, I let Bolt fly in the sky once with the magic tool on .

Ah~……… Un, doesn’t seem to be a problem . Bolt smoothly flies in the sky .

He comes back, lands on my shoulder and sings[Pii]while rubbing the top of its head against my cheek . Looks like he likes it .

When I finished choosing magic tools for the three beasts, I looked at Allen and Elena who were staring at me while carrying Joule and Feat in their arms .

They looked so jealous the whole time I was choosing the tools…… Joule and others have matching tools .

Is this good? Nono, this is not a choker, but a collar . You two can’t wear this, okay!?

Eeh!? Don’t feel so down…… I will choose something for Allen and Elena right away, so wait a moment .

[Here Allen, Elena . How about this?]

I showed the two the magic tools for our use I found after I looking for magic tools for the beasts .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Angel’s Pendant】

A pendant with a (medium) magic attack resistance effect .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Tough Ring】

A ring with a (small) physical attack resistance effect .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Trackign Ring】

A ring which indicates the location of the wearer on the map .

＝＝＝＝＝

A wing pendant made out of silver on a leather strap . I put rings on both sides of the pendants and tie it around Allen and Elena’s necks .

In Allen’s and Elena’s case, defenses were the first choice .

In addition, a tracking ring . This is a magic tool that functions as a GPS, which reflects on my map . This was the only magic tool that was standing out .

Syl must have intentionally prepared this, so I know their location even if we get separated .

[[Ehehe~]]

[You like it?]

[[Un!]]

Allen and Elena lift their pendants and joyfully stare at it .




Chapter 21

Allen and Elena are showing off their pendants to Joule and the others .

They seem to be quite pleased with it .

I in the meantime check the contents of the《Infinite Storage》 .

To be honest, I have been lost in the contents of the《Infinite Storage》myself . Furthermore, a lot of things were added into it yesterday and today .

Therefore, I decided to organize before it’s too late .

Let’s confirm the newly obtained things first .

I view the screen with the list of items I received from Water God’s retainers .

The characters lined up in a row . I confirm them one by one .

A lot of clothes and waterproof overcoats . Ah, there’s even a tent! Then there’s fish, seaweed and other marine materials and products .

Uwa, there’s even a water bottle that can be refilled with magical power! Super~ convenient! Moreover, it’s not just one, there are several of those tools, so generous .

Food, clothes, weapons, armors, medicine, magic tools, monster materials……… I assign each and every item in its classification .

I can even equip Allen and Elena because there were item bags! They may be a little concerned about it, but because it’s a small belt pouch they will surely quickly get used to it .

What do I put in? Surely some money . Should I also make them carry their own Guild Cards? Next the water bottle… what about preserved food? Dried meat? Also, some dried fruits for snacks and some candy .

Extra clothes, an overcoat, and towel . Ah, a knife too . There are small folding knives, so this should be good . Materials…… mithril? Un, why not? Since we have enough! Let’s not worry about it .

In the end, I filled it with items that 5-year-old child wouldn’t really need, but…… oh, well?

I’m just worried that Allen and Elena would get targeted if they use the items in public .

[Allen, Elena]

I call the two and tie the magic bags to their belts .

[This is Allen’s and this Elena’s . Be sure not to lose it while going outside, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

When entering the town, the two joyfully took out their Guild Cards from their magic bags .

◇ ◇ ◇

[………]

[Elena, what are you looking at? …… A general store?]

While walking back to the inn through the shopping district, Elena stops and jii~… she stares at a certain place . When I look at what’s she’s looking right at, I see a female oriented general store-like shop . I see girls choosing hair ornaments over at that shop .

As expected, a girl would have an interest in things like these .

[Elena, want to take a look?]

When I ask her, Elena’s face starts alternating between the shop and me . After a short while, she lightly nods .

She seems to be interested, after all .

Various clothes and colored threads are on display in the shop . Rather than a general store, a handicrafts shop?

Still, it sparkled Elena’s interest as she restlessly looked around the shop .

I also looked around the shop and found a white lace ribbon among the displayed products .

[Oneesan, can this ribbon be used as hair ornament as it is?]

[Yes, it can . They are all 50G each]

I thought it might be a handicraft that needs to be sewn on first, but it seems it can be used as it is .

Of course, I don’t know because I have never bought something like that before . Should I buy it?

The price…… un? Even if I ask, I don’t know if it’s cheap or expensive . It’s the price of a single meal on Aetherdia . Is that a reasonable price?

Maa, we have more than enough to buy it so there’s no problem .

[Elena, come here]

I crouch down near Elena, I bunch the hair behind her right ear together and put the ribbon in it .

Doesn’t it have quite a nice feeling? The white ribbon makes Elena’s azure hair flourish, I think it looks excellent .

[How nice, it suits her well . Oniisan, how about another one on the second side?]

[Yeah . I will take it]

Certainly, this hairstyle will look better on both sides .

While thinking that, I receive the exact same ribbon from the good at business lady and do the same on the left side .

[How nice, how nice . I have a mirror here Ojouchan, take a look]

The shop assistant lady takes out a hand mirror and presents it to Elena . Elena jii~ at her hair… then her smile blossoms .

[You like it?]

When I ask, Elena gives me a light nod .

She seems to be pleased with it, let’s buy more in different colors .

[Then, shall we buy some other colors? Elena, what colors do you like?]

When I look at Elena who faced the display of ribbons and chosen her favorite colors--

She chose a green and black ribbons and picked them up .

I thought she would definitely pick a pink or red, but that wasn’t the case .

[You like that one?]

[Un!]

[… N~ Elena, I think that color won’t go too well with your hair color, though?]

[This! Oniichan’s color!]

My color? Certainly, it’s close to my hair and eye color……

[She really loves Oniisan, I see~ Hey, ribbons don’t have to be primarily used in hair]

[…… That’s right, huh . Elena, is one of each color okay?]

[Un!]

Certainly, there’s no need to use it in hair especially, let’s buy it since Elena picked it herself .

Besides, she chose my hair and eye colors, she did something adorable .

[Then, this pink, cream, and light blue too? Two of each, please . Also, is that mirror perhaps for sale?]

I choose another three colors that seemed suitable for Elena .

Also, might as well buy a mirror, rigth? But, would a handicrafts shop sell those?

[This? I’m afraid to say not . This is something sold three stores from here]

Ah, as expected . But, let’s buy it later since it’s close .

[Rather than that, Oniisan! I have a favor to ask]

[A favor?]

[Yes! Won’t you dress the children in this for me to see!?]

The slightly excited woman presents a white-hooded cape in each of her hands .

[I think it’s okay, but]

[Really!?]

When I approved, the woman approached Allen and Elena to put the capes on at once .

Then, as expected, the two quickly hid behind my back .

They are able to speak in public, but they can’t talk yet directly with someone except for me . Because of that, having someone dress them is…… impossible .

[Ah~……]

[Ah, indeed . These children are not used to strangers . Could you lend it to me?]

I received the capes from the depressed woman and helped the two put them on .

This time…… rather than the two putting it on themselves, they want me to put it on for them, huh~ Is it okay to be enjoying this sense of superiority? No, I can’t… I have to let them become accustomed to strangers bit by bit……

Nevertheless, this cape, it feels nice on touch? Was it made with a good fabric? The cape is thick, it doesn’t look like it could be worn after it gets hot .

[Can you put the hoods up!?]

[?]

After I had finished putting it on, I put the hoods up as the woman said .

[!! This is~~]

The hood surprised me . This is so cute!

There are animal ears on top of the hood!

Allen’s are semicircular ears, Ellen’s are triangular .

Allen and Elena titls their heads at me who is in agony, but that gesture wasn’t something an ordinary person can survive . It can’t be helped, but to fall into even deeper agony, right?

[So good! Amazingly nice!! Ah~ As I expected, it really suits these children!]

[You made this?]

[That’s right . I’m also a tailor, after all . This is something I made a long time ago, but you see~ the moment I saw these children, I couldn’t help it, but want them to put it on!!]

This person is apparently also a tailor . That explains why several clothes are on displayed .

[Are you selling this?]

Because the two are adorable in it, if she’s selling it I would like tobuy it . The seasons already changed, but there’s still room to grow so when it gets chilly again, they will be able to wear it .

[Of course! But, is that all right? It’s made from a good fabric so the price is quite high . It’s an unsold item so there’s a discount, but…]

[It’s all right . It suits the two well, after all]

[Really!? You saved me!!]

Thus, I immediately bought the two kemonomimi capes .

Ah, before I forget, we also visited the nearby shop to purchase the mirror .

Because I have bought lots for Elena this time, I will have to buy Allen something next, is what I thought, but…… but, what do you buy for boys?

…… Nn? What would be good?

Girls are easy to understand . It was a ribbon and a mirror this time . It will be accessory next time . A stuffed toy after that…

Then, for a boy? When I ask, the answer gets jammed .

What did I get when I was small?

---Games and manga? They don’t have that in this world……

---A soccer ball or baseball glove? That’s also not here…

---A plastic model? Not here…………

---Building blocks? Would it be useful even if they sell it? In the first place, would the two play with building blocks?

Nn? This is no good…… I can’t think of anything good……

After thinking for a while and not figuring anything out, I have decided to put Allen’s shopping on hold .

Sorry, Allen…… I will think about it, so when there’s another opportunity……




Chapter 22

[Gaya Forest]monster subjugation request .

The objective is thinning out the monsters and investigating whether monster nests were built in the vicinity of the town and sweep them if they were .

--Gaya Forest .

A very dangerous forest with a degree of risk at rank A, where monsters run rampant in significant numbers .

It is said that the central part of the forest is the territory of monsters so powerful that no one was able to return from there yet safely .

But, that does not mean that monsters are concentrated only in the center of the forest . The monsters appear even along the border of the forest .

The monsters that escape from the central part are classified as C-Rank and D-Rank . Nevertheless, they are still a great threat to ordinary people .

In addition, the strong monsters…… it’s not like A-Rank monsters never come outside of the forest .

When they come out of the forest, the damage to humans inevitably increases .

Therefore, to influence the vicinity of the town…… a sweeping force is needed to clean up the near forest .

It’s usually done just by knights without needing to have the help of adventurers .

This is a special case because of the place that is Gaya Forest .

Even if one enlist to knights and diligently trains, there is only a handful of people who can stride along in the Gaya Forest .

In addition, the town of Shirin is right around the border near a town in the Argo Kingdom . Although a friendly country, the town can’t be left defenseless with all influential people going to the Gaya Forest .

Because of that, adventurers are called for help .

Influential people including A-Rank and B-Rank adventurer parties are being gathered .

As for me, I have received a designated request from the Knights branch Captain Grunwald Ruven-sama to participate in the joint subjugation .

◇ ◇ ◇

One the appointed day . I stopped by the Adventurer’s Guild with Allen and Elena first . My purpose was to check the details about the request .

Honestly, I didn’t hear what sort of request this time’s request is . Just the usual situation .

I didn’t so I wanted to grasp the contents of the requests, so I won’t get in the way . The Guild is on the way to the west gate, after all .

Therefore, I scanned the request board and then went to the gathering place at the west gate .

There, Knights loading several carriages and adventurers who also accepted the request are already gathered . When the people noticed our presence, they looked at us with a suspicious and sharp gazes .

I know I stand out because I have children with me, but what an unpleasant atmosphere .

For now, I ignore the stares and approach Wald-sama who is giving instructions .

[Ou, you came!]

Wald-sama who noticed us lifts up one hand and walks towards us .

[Good morning, Wald-sama]

[You properly came . The little ones came too as expected]

[Since I have received the request I would naturally come . Besides, Wald-sama understood that the children would go with me when you have given me the request, right?]

Wald-sama knows the circumstances of Allen and Elena . If you knew, why would you want me to participate in the request!

[Hahaha . You guys will be all right . Besides, I put you guys into my team]

[You have dived us into teams?]

[Three teams in total . A line-up of fifteen people . The parties of adventurers were kept together]

[From what I can see there is no other three person party beside us?]

It’s easy to see each party from the way the adventurers are gathering .

[I let you guys participate on my own, after all . We have two more people in the team . Ah, that way the number of knights decreased]

You seem to have been at least paid considerate in the party dividing .

[If you can pay that much consideration, you should have at least explained about us to the other knight-samas . You didn’t even tell them about us participating? I can feel their cold gazes since a while ago]

[Oh! I forgot!]

This person……

The knights who were listening to our conversation attentively looks at Wald-sama with indifferent expressions . I wonder if Wald-sama is always like this .

But, it should have been transmitted that the person who asked us to come was Wald-sama himself . I hope this would make conversing with the unit a bit easier, though……

Allen and Elena who are sensitive towards the surroundings took the stares of others as “hostility,” but they still thankfully didn’t lash out, but clung closely to my legs instead .

I decided to lift the two up because it was hard walking like that . I lifted one, I lifted the second, and now they cling to my neck instead .

This will last for a while, huh……

◇ ◇ ◇

We moved by the carriage to the Gaya Forest . Because the carriages can’t be left behind outside the forest, knight-samas who don’t participate in the subjugation will take them back .

We will arrive in four to five hours .

I was able to exchange a few words with the knight-samas in the carriage . I’m glad their attitude softened a bit .

Because I was “Forced by Wald-sama”, they had a sympathizing atmosphere around them, though . Apparently, Wald-sama regularly stirs up his surroundings .

The atmosphere in the carriage loosened and we arrived at the place of destination in peace .

[Oshi! The preparations are complete . From here, you will move according to your party’s route towards the camping point]

This subjugation expedition is planned to last for five days . First, the three parties will move through the forest separately .

The party we are in has 10 Knight-samas including Wald-sama . Also, 4 men party[Dragon Breath]containing an A-Rank adventurer Rudolph-san . 17 people in total .

Without delay, I follow Wald-sama’s team while holding hands with Allen and Elena .

After walking in the forest for a while .

[There~]

[Coming]

It seems that Allen and Elena sensed a monster . They point to the left with their fingers while pulling the hem of my clothes .

[Thank you . Wald-sama, a monster is coming from the left side]

I immediately report to the captain of this team, Wald-sama .

[N, from left? --… Takumi, nothing’s there]

[There’s still some distance . But, you should see it soon . What to do in a situation like this? Everyone takes care of it?]

The extent of Allen’s and Elena’s detection is vast . Therefore, we have a spare time to prepare to confront the monster .

[Gilm, can you detect it?]

[Dragon Breath]leader, A-Rank Rudolph-san immediately checks with his party member .

Rudolph-san has a dignified, well-built stature, and he’s carrying a spear with an ax-like blade attached…… a 38 years old man carrying a halberd . Indeed, a person emitting a “veteran” atmosphere .

The one he checks with is a C-Rank scout named Gilm-san . If I’m not mistaken, he possesses a detection skill . The other two are a B-Rank swordsman Zack-san and the only woman, C-Rank magician Iris-san .

[No, there’s no reaction]

[Oioi, that true? Don’t say such spew such nonsense to me]

[………]

It seems like Gilm-san’s detection still didn’t react .

The surroundings become noisy .

Hearing Gilm-san’s results, Zack-san jeers back in doubt . But, Rudolph-san as if observing something looks at the children and me .

I have a【Detection】skill, but this uses me as a center to spread magical power and allows me to search for magical power other than mine . It uses quite the quantity of the user and is considerably different from presence detection .

Even though he has the same【Detection】as me, since the amount of magical power I have is overwhelmingly larger, I can search wider area .

And although similar to【Detection】, Allen and Elena have【Presence Detection】 . It’s an ability which allows them to sense a malicious intent in a certain scope .

Although we have to activate the skill on our own, Allen and Elena are using the skill unconsciously .

And, the effective radius of Allen’s and Elena’s【Presence Detection】is vast . I checked this fact myself with my【Detection】 .

That’s the reason, Gilm-san’s detection hasn’t reacted yet .

[Ah!]

[What’s wrong?]

[There’s a reaction . Incoming!]

It seems the monster finally appeared in his detection .

[What!?]

[Really?]

[Dragon Breath]members and knight-samas simultaneously look towards us .

Nono, it’s really the truth . It’s not like I would say something irresponsible in a place like this .

Hey, what are you going to do about that? You shouldn’t be paying attention here?

Immediately, a single Red Wolf enters the view . When it’s seen, and everyone enters a ready for battle mode--

[Ah, oi!]

One of the knights points to a direction .

Ah, crap!

When I look to what he’s pointing at, I see Allen and Elena charging at the Red Wolf .

When we were in the dungeon I told them “when you find a monster it’s all right to defeat it”, I remembered too late .

I forgot to tell Allen and Elena to behave……

The two drew close to the Red Wolf immediately .

There, Allen quickly kicks the chin of the Red Wolf from bellow . The Red Wolf raised a bit because of that kick and this time Elena drives a drop kick on its head .

The Red Wolf crashed into the ground and stopped moving .

[…………………]

The knights and adventurers all have the same dumbfounded expression with their mouths agape .




Chapter 23

[[Defeated~!]]

Allen and Elena return as if nothing has happened . While drawing the defeated Red Wolf by its forepaws behind them……

They have completely mastered the dungeon’s action of “picking up dropped items from defeated monsters . ”

However… I should stop you from dragging the Red Wolf’s large body with your little bodies…… everyone got even more surprised, after all……

[Ah, un . Good job~ Are you unhurt?]

[Un]

[Ok~ay]

First, let’s pat the heads of the two who safely defeated the monster . It already became a habit . If I don’t do that, the children will look up at me with anxiety .

[Ah~, also . This time, Oniichan and the others will fight the monsters, why don’t Allen and Elena take a day-off?]

[[? Understand~]]

I tell them before I forget . There are 15 experienced adults, Allen and Elena shouldn’t need to fight .

The two tilted their heads in puzzlement, but they seemed to understand . Like this, even if they find a monster, they won’t recklessly charge at it .

[Oi! The hell was that just now!]

[No~… just as you saw?]

Even if you ask me what…

[Red Wolf is a C-Rank, you know!]

[Didn’t you, Wald-sama assess the children as C-Rank adventurers yourself?]

[That was you! Did you want to make your opponents careless because he was facing children!?]

Eh!? Did you interpret it like that?

[…… Even if you thought so, I have told you about how I found these kids, right?]

[That talk about them being orphaned, right? What about it?]

…… Seriously?

Did he not notice anything……

You, how could you want me to join in the request then?

[I told you I found these children malnourished in the Gaya Forest]

[I have heard that]

[!!]

Wald-sama looks like he doesn’t understand yet, but the silver-haired, grayish blue-eyed, stereotypical “brains” like looking vice-captain Isaac Risner-sama realized it . He opens his eyes wide in surprise .

[…… By that, you mean “the children have originally lived in this forest”…… right? ]

[Ah!!]

With Risner-sama’s words, Wald-sama finally understood .

[That’s right . Were they defeating the monsters, or were they running away from them? I don’t know how they lived until now yet, but they have certainly survived in the forest for several days]

[……………]

Everyone is at a loss for words .

Everyone knows the dreadfulness of this forest . For that reason, they can imagine just how harsh those several days Allen and Elena lived here must have been .

[Anyhow . These children were originally strong, so even if you ask me I won’t be able to answer you]

I said while patting the heads of Allen and Elena on both of my sides .

If I say it like that, there most likely won’t be anyone who will ask further questions .

[Well then, here you go]

To not linger about this topic anymore, I present the defeated Red Wolf to Wald-sama .

[Ah?]

[The Knights are collecting the defeated monsters, right?]

[Yes……]

The defeated monsters are at once collected the Knights, then purchased later . A suitable price depending on the contribution will be paid separately from the request payment .

So I said, why do you still have such complicated expressions?

[……… You guys can keep that]

[Is that alright?]

[Yes . If I include that in the check, I would feel guilty for stealing from the kids…… N? Takumi, do you have a magic bag? Should I lend you one?]

[No, it’s alright]

I’m told that we can harvest this Red Wolf .

Because the wolf was completely defeated by Allen and Elena only, he would feel awkward to collect it .

Even though he doesn’t have to worry about it~ But, well if he says so, I will take it without any reservation .

[……《Infinite Storage>》? A space-time magic user…]

[Eh!?]

Rudolph-san points out when I collect the Red Wolf .

How did he know!?

I have made an unnatural reaction because of your sudden comment!

[The flow of magical power of magic bag and《Infinite Storage》is different . That thing on your waist is definitely a magic bag, but you have collected it elsewhere, right?]

[………]

That surprised me . To think he would be able to distinguish the difference of magical flow between magic bag and《Infinite Storage》……

[That’s amazing . To be able to perceive such a small difference in magical flow]

[It’s only possible for people who excel at perceiving magical power]

A proficiency of a skill, huh…… As expected of A-Rank . Indeed, not an ordinary person .

The others aside from Rudolph-san look surprised . I wasn’t planning on concealing it forever, but I was unexpectedly exposed early .

But, like this, I will be able to use it without holding back, so let’s not mind it?

The surveying of the forest has resumed .

And then, after a while--

[[Ah!]]

Allen and Elena suddenly run off and squat to a tree’s base .

N? Is there something? Ah, a medicinal plant .

[[Here!]]

What the two brought back is a Demon Spirit Grass .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Demon Spirit Grass】

A medicinal plant growing in places with a demonic element in the air .

A special condition is necessary in order to cultivate demonic element . There is no success in its cultivation so far .

A useful medicinal plant mainly used for magic potions .

＝＝＝＝＝

[You remembered well~ However you see~……]

[[Can’t~?]]

This is a medicinal plant which we gathered for a request once before . The two remembered it well .

But, we are working in a group right now, so I can’t have them going out on their own .

It’s not good . Normally I would……

I glance over to Wald-sama . Then, Allen and Elena look at him too .

Then, once again .

[[Can’t~?]]

They request with puppy eyes .

If it were me, I would get defeated instantly . How about Wald-sama……?

[…… I don’t mind if you follow without falling behind]

He closed his eyes for Allen and Elena .

Since listening to the talk about Allen and Elena a while ago, the other knight-samas watch over the children with lukewarm expressions .

Allen and Elena sense that too, they are able to give simple answers .

We have become quite well-known, but that may have been good .

Un, all turned out good…… I think?

[Don’t go too far]

[[Ye~s]]

Allen and Elena who received permission start running here and there energetically . They collect medicinal plants and fruits one by one .

But, you see, I didn’t teach them about the medicinal plants in the vicinity? …… Eh, did they see them before?

… Yes, when I met them in the Gaya Forest for the first time . I was indeed gathering various things that time . But, I was collecting it alone, did they remember just from seeing me?

They remember well~

My body was inserted with knowledge and appraisal, so I had it easy, but these children really are talented~

[Oniicha~n]

[Get that~]

Allen and Elena seem to find something again and trot over to me . Then, they point their fingers at a big rock, trying to show me something .

When I look towards the direction they are pointing at, I see a moss growing in the shade of rocks .

I see . This can’t be gathered without gloves . These children even remember the proper gathering method .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Iwami Moss】

A turquoise species of moss growing in humid, dark places . Especially in shade of rocks .

Causes rash in contact with bare hands .

Medicine for an itch when mixed with several kinds of medicinal plants .

＝＝＝＝＝

[What’s that?]

[That’s an Iwami Moss, isn’t it? They are really smart children]

All members stop and look at the shade of the rock .

Most of the people tilt their heads in puzzlement, but Risner-sama seems to know of it . My brains-like impression of him wasn’t wrong .

[This is a material mainly used for skin itch medicine . Captain, you were previously lamenting when an anti-itch medicine wasn’t being sold, weren’t you? It’s used for that . The reason that medicine isn’t sold that much anymore is because the Iwami Moss’s acquisition has recently decreased]

“Mainly used for skin itch medicine” Risner-sama makes it sound good, but…… in other words, it’s that . Medicine for athlete’s foot .

Wald-sama… you have an athlete’s foot, don’t you……

Are? Why are so many people staring at the moss? You guys too!?

[Seriously!? Oshi! Let’s gather it all!]

[Captain, you can’t!]

[Wald-sama, you can’t!]

Wald-sama who really wants an itch medicine quickly moved towards the moss . Both Risner-sama and I stop him in panic .

[Captain, if you touch it bare handed you will get rash . Please, think a bit about why those children didn’t gather it themselves but called Takumi-san instead! Even though I told you to[Stop working by instinct]so many times! Besides---]

Risner-sama started his lecturing . The other knight-samas look like this is a normal occurrence . Being a vice-captain to a captain who moves on instincts seems tough .

While the lecturing is going on, I put on leather gloves, shave off the moss clinging to the rock with a knife and collect it .

However, even when I was done with the collecting, the lecturing time didn’t come to an end yet .

Is it still going to continue?

Let’s confirm with the other knights .

[When will this finish?]

[It won’t end for an another hour]

…… Another hour? No~ I can’t wait that long……

Can’t be helped……

[Let’s release the ultimate weapon…]

[The ultimate weapon… is it?]

[Right . Allen, Elena . Come here---]

I whisper to their ears and send them out towards Risner-sama .

[N?]

The two approach Risner-sama and pull on the hem of his clothes . Risner-sama noticed it and stopped his lecturing .

[What’s the matter?]

[Here]

[For you]

Allen and Elena hand Risner-sama the gathered Iwami Moss .

[You are giving me this?]

Risner-sama who crouched down checks the contents of the bag and confirms with Allen and Elena .

[Un]

[For you~]

[Thank you very much]

[[Un!]]

They were able to end the lecturing time safely .

Allen, Elena . You did well!




Chapter 24


[Allen, Elena . Come! It’s time for a break]

[[Ye~s]]

I call over the two children who are running all over the place, picking fruits and medicinal plants, and use《Washing》on them .

[What would you like for a snack?]

Because I got the permission from Wald-sama, the two have snack break while walking .

Allen and Elena who move the same as the adults, eat half of what the adults eat . It can’t be helped because they have small stomachs . However, that would prevent them from receiving enough nutrition, so I often give them snacks on the move .

[[Cream!]]

The request of the two seems to be a Cream bread .

[Here . Eat while paying attention so you don’t trip]

[[Ye~s]]

The two bit into the bread immediately after I hand it over to them . Wald-sama who saw that suddenly shouts .

[Oi! Is that[Gold Wheat’s Shop]phantom bread!?]

[What’s with that……]

Phantom bread? Cream bread?

[Sold on days without a fixed date, moreover, there’s a limit of 20 breads a day, therefore it’s called “Phantom bread”!]

Oh, seems like Road-san started selling Cream bread .

◆ ◆ ◆

It was few days after arriving at the town of Shirin .

[Excuse me]

[Ye~s]

When the sun was setting, I visited a bakery called[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

The goods weren’t displayed anymore, it was the closing time .

When I entered the shop and called the salesclerk, a woman immediately came from inside the shop .

[I’m sorry, it’s time for the shop to close today]

The woman was apologetic .

[Is it possible to order bread here?]

First of all, I asked what I came to ask .

[Do you mean you need a certain quantity prepared?]

[No, there’s bread I want you to make]

The bread eaten in Aetherdia are simple . The sizes are different by the shop, but all of them are just a circular bread .

Table roll--a small-sized bread used as a garnish for meals .

If a Pullman loaf is not being sold here, things like kashi-pan or choripan won’t sell anywhere .

But, there are more or less varieties of bread .

Containing an albumen mixed with wheat flour--a bread made with a whole wheat flour, Cereal bread .

Bread made from a refined white wheat flour, White bread .

A rye flour--a bread made from rye, Brown bread .

Although the white bread is delicious and fluffy, it’s wasteful not to develop it further .

I thought . If it’s not here, why not just create it?

So I came to[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

[You want to make? Is it something different from what’s being sold?]

[Yes, that’s right]

[Umm…… the bread is made by the father so… I will get him]

[Alright]

The woman is apparently a daughter of the shopkeeper .

She went back to the kitchen and called over the shopkeeper .

[Is it you? The one wanting to make bread]

Immediately, a solidly built man, with a typical[Oyaji-san]appearances came out .

[What do you want to make?]

[Umm, it’s this, but…]

I take out a custard cream and Ranka fruit jam I made myself .

[N…… a jam? I don’t know this one…]

[This is called custard cream . I want to put this inside bread and bake it]

[Put inside, you say?]

[Is that not possible?]

[It’s not like it’s not possible, but . I have never made something like that before…]

[In that case---]

I visited[Gold Wheat’s Shop]the next day in the afternoon again and demonstrated the shopkeeper, Road-san how to make it .

I received a pre-made white bread dough from Road-san and I immediately worked on the filling .

First, I taught Road-san how to wrap the jam and custard cream in the dough properly . As expected of a baker, he quickly got hold of it .

The custard cream and jam I prepared has been all used up in no time . On the other hand, the was quite of the dough remaining .

He wanted to bake the remaining dough normally, but I asked if I can take it over as I was thinking about using it for a different bread .

Road-san who showed interest in the Cream bread and Jam buns readily approved .

Having said that, something suddenly came on my mind……

I retrieved Raisins from《Infinite Storage》I washed them in hot water and lightly sprinkled with rum . Maa, I intended to make a basic Raisin bread . I only knead it into the dough .

After all, there is also no store which sells those .

What can I make next…… ah, that’s right! There was that!

What I retrieved next is a cinnamon stick . I found and bought this while walking around a grocery store .

That and sugar . Sugar is not from a grocery store, but it was something I received from Syl . I mix it with cinnamon to create a cinammon sugar .

I spread the dough into a 30cm rectangle and paint the surface with melted butter, sprinkle it over with the cinnamon sugar and coil it around in a cylinder shape .

I cut it into 3~4cm long sections and bake it . All that’s left is to sprinkle it over with a dissolved sugar once it’s baked?

I surprisingly quite love them~ Cinnamon rolls .

Now, Road-san only needs to bake them properly .

After all the bread was baked, it was time for sampling .

[So good!]

I receive praises from Road-san .

[[Yummy~]]

Allen and Elena who observed me the whole time finally bit into the samples which they really liked . Although they were only samples, but because there were four kinds of bread, they filled their mouths plentily .

A~ah, if they eat so much, they won’t be able to eat dinner later~

And then, the bread I made (strictly speaking, they weren’t my ideas) became the talk of[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

Of course, I have approved of it . If it sells, I will be now able to buy it from a shop . Because the custard cream tends to spoil, I had to explain its method of making, though carefully .

After that, Road-san did various trials and errors and put the products on sale .

◆ ◆ ◆

The rumors of [Gold Wheat’s Shop] Jam bun, Raisin bread, Cinnamon roll being first-class bread from the town of Shirin spread around .

The rival bakeries now started selling them too .

Maa, but no matter what happens, their rivals won’t be able to reproduce it properly . But still, there are one or two shops that are ahead of[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

But, the Cream bread made with custard cream is a specialty of[Gold Wheat’s Shop] . They won’t allow its ingredients to be known to anyone .

The culture of “Bread, the main protagonist” was born……

… I honestly didn’t know . When did it become like that……

I didn’t think that the Cream bread would become so famous it would be called “Phantom bread”……

[Moreover, there’s a talk it sells out a few minutes after selling . Takumi, you bought it!]

[No, this is something that was personally made for me]

[Haa!? What’s that! They shouldn’t be accepting orders for that!]

I did order anything from Road-san .

Rather, why is Wald-sama so knowledgeable about this? Did he perhaps not eaten it yet?

The Knights including Wald-sama are looking envious…… The adventurers of[Dragon Breath]who are not from Shirin didn’t seem to know of it, but they are now greatly interested…

[Kiddos, share a bit with me]

[[No~!!]]

Please don’t go taking food from children!!

Ah~ my Cream bread inventory…… ah, there’s enough for all people here .

Can’t be helped~

[Only this one time~]

[Seriously!? Alright!]

When I take out the Cream bread, everyone gathers .

Calm down a bit! This is[Gaya Forest]be a little careful of surroundings!

[Iya~ that was good!]

Everyone who ate the Cream bread liked it . There seems to be an unexpectedly large amount of people who like sweets .

However, in this world, the most common sweet thing is jam .

There also seems to be cookies, but they are something that only those with a bit more money can afford .

Honey and starch syrup appear to be relatively cheap, but it can only be eaten like that or mixed in a tea .

No wonder I couldn’t find sweets for Allen and Elena in the town .

I have no choice, but to make the sweets myself from now on .




Chapter 25

[Buhiiiiiii~]

After the unexpected break, a group consisting of six Orcs and one High Orc has appeared after we resumed the survey .

Knights in pairs take on the Orcs, while the[Dragon Breath]party engages the High Orc .

And I’m also responsible for taking care of one Orc .

Although Allen and Elena are here, I confront the Orc alone .

Seeing that, Rudolph-san and Gilm-san offered help, but I of course declined .

There’s only one opponent, after all . There are no problems .

[《Wind Cutter》]

I quickly cut its head off, case closed!

Orc has a large body with great power, but its movements are slow so it’s easy to defeat . All you have to do is aim and shoot . A big body means big target .

Easy peasy!

[Haa~!]

As for the Knights, one person attracts the Orc’s attention and the other person strikes at it .

They keep repeating it wounding it little by little and then give it a fatal wound . It’s a very steady way of fighting .

I just quietly watch, ready for a follow-up anytime .

However…… They way of fighting is completely opposite of me who can only fight with brute strength .

It’s a way of fighting that I, who lived 20 years without a single fight can’t do .

In the first place, I didn’t do any other exercises back on Earth than running (I wasn’t fast by any means) . I was not athletic at all .

Un, I was a klutz . What a sad thing……

In ball games, I was catching the balls with my face~ It’s all old memories now .

However, I can now run fast because of the present body, my physical ability can’t be compared to my previous one!

Iya~ moving freely is splendid! I could avoid any ball now!

However, even if my physical ability increased, my martial experience is zero, so I may not be able to provide much support……

I know I can’t help because I never had any interest in things like these, leaving me with limited knowledge .

Allen’ and Elena’s fighting style is strong, should I learn a bit from them? Dojo… is there a place like that somewhere~

There should be a place that teaches basics . Let’s look for one next time .

[Oriyaa~!]

[Buhiiii~]

Ah, looks like Wald-sama and others defeat all of the Orcs . There don’t seem to be any injuries .

[Haaa!]

[Buhiiiiiii~!]

Oh, Rudolph-san’s halberd beheaded the High Orc .

With the High Orc’s cry of agony, Rudolph-san shouts not losing to the Orc .

[Uwa!]

When all Orcs are defeated, Rudolph-san looks at me with a stern expression . Then he suddenly asks while grabbing my hand .

[Takumi!!]

[Yes!?]

[To instakill an Orc… just who are you!]

Even if you asks me that .

I understand that an experienced Knight will have troubles against Orc in a one on one fight, but I think that anyone with some skill in magic can behead such slow monster easily?

Moreover, the others also didn’t take that much time to deal with their opponents .

Why are you grabbing my head?

[[Uu~]]

[Allen, Elena . It’s all right . Wald-sama how about releasing your hand? The two are wary of you]

I’m being bullied? The two probably thought so and let out cute growling noises .

Hearing my words, Wald-sama notices Allen and Elena clinging to my sides while glaring at him . He awkwardly releases his hand .

[Allen, Elena . Look, I’m okay, calm down please~]

For now, I pat the two U~ u~ growling kids’ heads .

[To have that done to him and be alright!]

[Perhaps captain wasn’t serious enough?]

[No, that was serious . I can tell . That was a considerable amount of power]

[… Inhuman]

[Right . He’s not normal]

Because I was held with all his strength, I felt pain . However, I have a physical attack resistance . Moreover, it’s MAX’ed!

Therefore, although I felt only a little pain, an average person would be finished . The Knight start whispering among themselves after witnessing me not showing any reaction to Wald-sama’s attack .

Hey, you guys…… I can hear you .

They are certainly not wrong . I’m a God’s retainer “Human?” . You are not wrong, but…… that’s somewhat rude .

[Wald-sama and others also didn’t take much time to deal with their opponents]

[We were in pairs! Moreover, we can’t do something like instakilling it! You are an F-Rank fraud!]

[No, I have raised by one rank, so I’m an E-Rank now]

Adventurers normally start at F-Rank, right? Then, they steadily improve they rank .

I’m not a fraud!

[Doesn’t change the fact it’s stra~nge!]

So cruel……

[Rudolph-dono! I will contact Guild Master too, but once we return, please tell Guild Master to raise this fellow’s rank immediately!]

[Right . I will definitely talk with him]

[………]

Oya?

[With a high ranker’s recommendation, the Guild Master can raise one rank to some extent]

Rudolph-san who saw my bewilderment explains .

Something like skipping grades? I see, so there was such a system .

As expected, I didn’t know such information .

Probably, even though Syl knows basic information, he isn’t aware of small details like this . It’s not necessary for him, after all .

It wouldn’t be bad to raise my rank, right? The extent of requests I could take will increase .

What procedures should be taken after returning to the town?

Maa~ Rudolph-san said he would talk to the guild’s top so I should probably just wait since they will be contacting me?

[First of all, let’s clean up . Fuse, Cain . Rudolph-dono and others dismantle the High Orc . Collect as much meat as you need . Others take the Orcs]

People start dismantling on Wald-sama’s orders .

I also collect the Orc’s materials .

First, the magic stone .

Next, the testicles…… it’s apparently an ingredient used for male-oriented stimulants . I will absolutely never drink it, but…… this seems to be quite high in demand .

High Orc’s materials are same as Orc’s, magic stone and testicles . Also, it’s skin is used for protective gear .

Also, both have an enormous amount of meat .

This is a problem . Several of 3~4 meters tall Orcs leave behind quite a lot of meat .

It’s food . It would be normally brought back, but today is the first day of the expedition . If we secure it now, it will spoil before we could get back to the town .

Unfortunately, in a case like this, we can only secure enough for us to consume .

[Yosh, we are done . Then---]

And, the rest is burned, so they don’t turn undead .

---Normally, they would be burned, but……

[Wald-sama]

[Takumi, what’s up?]

[Have you forgotten? With me, we can collect everything]

In my《Infinite Storage》the meat won’t spoil .

[Ah!]

He seemed to forget because he’s not familiar with it yet, but the time stops in space-time magic . It should be known that time stops inside the《Infinite Storage》 .

Thus, we have decided to collect the rest of the Orc meat .

Because it would take a time to dismantle, I just stored everything inside《Infinite Storage》 just like that .

[Nevertheless…… to think there would be a group so close to the town]

[This is unusual]

[What do you think, Rudolph-dono?]

It seems to be rare to encounter a group half a day distance of the town .

They are mostly seen alone .

Wald-sama and Risner-sama confirm the situation with Rudolph-san .

[Umu . I have a feeling that the atmosphere in the forest has been quieter than before……]

Rudolph-san’s meaning isn’t “it’s calm”, but “it’s quiet before the storm” .

[Captain, it might be better to investigate this carefully]

[Yea, I agree . Let’s move with more care from now on]

We advance further to the forest while cautious .




Chapter 26

When the sun begins to go down, we arrived at the camping point .

I wanted to prepare a meal, but it seems the Knights are in charge of meals .

The ones in charge are the knights Cain-san and Heinz-san .

It appears that the menu is High Orc meat skewer, soup, and hard bread .

Cain-san pours water into a large pot puts a small amount of dehydrated vegetables inside . Soup?

Heinz-san is preparing the skewers . He’s cutting the Hight Orc meat into chunks and stabbing it on skewers…… Fist-sized chunks of meat?

…………… N?

[Please, wait a moment!]

[Takumi-san, what’s the matter?]

I hesitated to interfere, but…… I can’t overlook this!

I absolutely feel wrong about this……

[I just want to confirm, but…… are you going to put something else in this soup? after boiling it?]

[No, I will just season it with salt afterward!]

[………]

Seriously……

[Are you going to cook meat of that size?]

[Yes!]

[………]

………………

Oh my…… is this normal? It feels like nothing is strange with this……

Nono! Indeed, the meals in[Komadori Pavilion]had a salt-based taste . However, they were appropriately delicious .

This is not normal!

[First, the soup . Aren’t you missing ingredients for the stock? It will only have a salty taste like this… Then, make the meat into a bit smaller pieces, if too little they will easily burn, if too big, they will be underdone]

The people here were saying that the cream bread was delicious . Which means that their palate isn’t misaligned .

So for what reason are they overlooking this?

When I ask Wald-sama and the other knights---

[We are mostly people who can’t cook, you see]

[Everytime during the camp it’s “as long as we eat” feeling . Dried meat and hard bread are better than soup stock alone]

[It’s because, in this unit, Cain and Heinz make the best meals]

Most of the knights are noblemen . It should be quite reasonable that they can’t cook .

However, since they are nobles they should have refined palates…… they don’t seem to mind .

They probably make a firm line during camping .

After that, I ask the Dragon Breath party---

[We also always eat dried meat and hard bread]

[Iris? No way, impossible . This fellow can’t cook~mon]

[Rather, this fellow makes hazardous waste]

[………… I can live even without being able to cook!]

I got a similar answer .

Apparently, there is no decent cook .

No, but I’m sorry . I don’t want to eat the meal Cain-san and Heinz-san are going to make .

Besides, I have to pay attention to Allen’s and Elena’s meals . Their malnourished bodies finally started approaching the standard .

Dried meat and hard bread are disagreeable, but I will definitely won’t let them eat a nearly salt water soup and underdone meat!

[Cain-san! Please, finely cut 3~4 pieces of meat and put them into the pot! Heinz-san, please cut all the chunks of meat into 1/4 sizes! I will return right away, so please do it in the meantime!]

I give instructions to Cain-san and Heinz-san without caring for my standing, leave the camping point and enter the forest to gather the necessary things .

Of course, Allen and Elena follow after me .

First, securing the ingredients!

It would be alright to use ingredients from the《Infinite Storage》, but I thought it would be better not to use it in front of the other teams .

Besides, the forest is a treasure house of ingredients . I can gather enough ingredients in a matter of several minutes without having to use the ingredients from《Infinite Storage》 .

[I’m back!]

After returning with edible plants and mushrooms in both of my hands, I immediately start cooking .

[This is?]

[Ena grass and Blue seed . Both are edible plants . And this is Rook mushroom and Petal mushroom . These are edible mushrooms]

[I have seen those at the market]

[That’s right . All of them are common, after all]

I give names and explain about to plants I picked to Cain-san and other interested people .

All these plants and mushroom are commonly sold at the market . I thought they might accept the things they are familiar with easier . I choose the things to pick like that .

I have found some rare mushroom that doesn’t appear at the market that much, but I have stopped myself from serving them something they are not familiar with while telling them[It’s all right]to eat .

Ah, of course, I picked it and stored it inside the《Infinite Storage》 .

[These grow almost anywhere, so it will be useful to remember them]

After adding the chopped meat, I washed and cut the plants, vegetables, and mushrooms and added them to the pot .

While the water in the pot is getting hot on the fire, I stick mouthful-sized meat onto skewers, lightly sprinkle them with salt, and put them near the fire .

Of course, I have used Cain-san and Heinz-san .

The two are helping without complaining . From a certain standpoint, it may seem like I’m selfishly butting in . Somehow, I’m sorry……

I season the soup lastly after the veggies and mushrooms cook . Because the dried meat comes with salt, using just a little bit of salt is okay .

The mushrooms and dried meat in the soup leave a nice feeling to it .

I grill the meat carefully without exposing it to intense heat .

Yosh, it’s finished!

[!!!!]

Everyone takes a mouthful of the completed dish and their movements stop .

Was it not palatable? I thought for a moment, but the next moment, everyone started vigorously stuffing their mouths .

[Oh!]

[Delicious!]

[Ngu!]

Seems like I was worried for nothing .

They continue quietly eating after that, and all of the soup and grilled meat disappeared .

[Iya~ I’m stuffed! That was delicious~!]

[I’m glad it suited your tastes]

Because it was a simple food that didn’t take much effort to make, I didn’t think they would be so pleased with it . If they are pleased like this, it was worthwhile cooking it .

[Iya~ Takumi is talented . I can’t think that he just came of age]

[……………… Haa?]

Wald-sama suddenly says something strange .

What did he just say? Did he just say[came of age]?

It means becoming an adult in Japanese . However, on Aetherdia, one becomes an adult at 15 years of age, you know?

Is this that…… I look five years younger?

[……………… I don’t know how old you think I am, but I’m 20, you know?]

[Eh!?]

Ue!? Everyone!? Everyone here is surprised?

[Seriously!? I thought you would be 16-17 at most]

[………]

Was I only seen as someone who just came of age? So it’s true that faces of Japanese people look young…… I have realized it for the first time .

A silly talk continued after that .

I had to tsukkomi a few times as the talk flowed, but it went well .

When it became dark, the night watch has been selected .

There will be three shifts, but I was told I don’t need to be on duty today, so I gratefully decided to sleep .

[Here, Allen, Elena]

I put the blanket over Allen and Elena, and they cuddle to my sides as always .

[Do you always sleep like that?]

[Just when sleeping outside . They don’t seem to like sleeping on the cold ground]

[Fuun~]

I have tried spreading the blanket on the ground once before, but the two opposed by shaking their heads .

It seems like they recall the time before meeting me… . . their environment when they were slaves . They don’t appear to remember much, but they remember this .

In addition, the two seem to have taken a liking to sleeping like this after the first time .

[Then, I will gratefully accept your offer and sleep]

[Ou . Have a good sleep]

Suu~ Suu~ the two have already fallen asleep . After gently patting their heads, I closed my eyelids .

The next day when I woke up, everyone was staring at me with expectations to make breakfast .

Of course, I made it……

I mean, I might as well make something delicious .




Chapter 27

[Captain! That!]

The second day of the expedition advanced smoothly . We are a little ahead of schedule today as all three teams are going to gather at one camping point .

At that time, an accident has happened .

One of the knights all of sudden loudly shouts and points towards a direction .

N? A red light is visible .

[It’s a flare! We are rushing to join up!]

Wald-sama says quickly changes the direction . Others follow him .

Only I follow without knowing what’s going on .

By flare they mean the red light, right? Does it have any meaning?

[What is that?]

[It’s light from an emergency magic tool . We use it when encountering an unmanageable monster, when in need of assistance . One of the teams must be in trouble]

There seem to be various colors with different meanings, the red means that help is requested, and on the other hand, blue is used when there’s no need for help .

There also seem to be smoke flare types, but light flare types are used in places like Gaya Forest where the view is obstructed .

Risner-sama quickly explained while speedily advancing towards the flare .

The reason we do not run at full speed is that it’s highly possible that we will have to fight before getting to the destination . We wouldn’t be of any help if we got exhausted before joining up .

Everyone moves at a quick pace while suppressing the feelings of impatience .

[It would be better to hurry up?]

[Yes, that’s right]

[Then, we will go ahead . Allen and Elena---]

[[Going~]]

It’s an emergency with human lives on the line . I shouldn’t be stingy .

Because I can use Wind Magic to accelerate, I will use that and go ahead .

Therefore, I have thought to let Allen and Elena stay with Wald-sama and others---but they spoke faster than me .

It seems impossible to persuade them now, so I decided to take them along . We shouldn’t be wasting any more time .

[Wind, gather around me and form a gale . 《Accel》]

I chant with Allen and Elena in my arms . It looked like Wald-sama was saying something, but I ignored it, enveloped my body in wind’s power, and started running .

Several minutes later, we arrived at the place of destination .

[Is that it!]

People opposing monsters with their swords appeared in my sight .

I jumped up with the momentum and landed on a branch where I overlooked the situation from .

The monster is Red Wolf’s higher variety, B-Rank Bloody Wolf . Moreover, it’s a whole pack .

Bloody Wolf is a wolf with a fur red as blood . Confirming visually…… there are 7 in total?

The path of retreat has been cut off . Furthermore, there several people on their knees .

Wounded? They don’t seem to be severely wounded, but it will get dangerous if it continues .

[Allen, Elena . I will reduce the numbers first by bit, will you help me with clean up?]

[[Un!]]

[Thank you]

[[Ye~s]]

The situation is worse than I thought . It feels like they are “Barely holding their ground” and won’t be able to hold any longer .

I wanted to help alone, but it doesn’t look I will be able to rescue them all on my own, so I asked Allen and Elena for assistance .

[《Air Shot》]

First, I aim at the Bloody Wolves from the top of the branch and shoot seven air bullets .

---Doon .

[Gyaun!]

[Wha! What!?]

The air bullets hit . A cloud of dust rises together with the cries of Bloody Wolves and surprised voices .

I immediately blow off the cloud of dust with wind to clear the visibility .

Apparently, the《Air Shot》hit only four targets . Moreover, the air bullets only damaged them, I wasn’t able to kill them off .

I held back on my magical power so I wouldn’t involve the people nearby, but it seems that the magical power wasn’t enough to kill the wolves .

I retrieve a[Water Katana]from the《Infinite Storage》 . This is something I received from Water God’s retainers .

I pull the blade from its blue scabbard while jumping off the branch and kill one of the injured Bloody Wolves . The Blood Wolf cries it’s last[Gyaun!]and falls down .

I immediately pull the sword from the dead Bloody Wolf and instantly behead another one . With this, two Bloody Wolves have died .

---Dokon!

Following me, Allen and Elena jump down and land on two Bloody Wolves, killing them right away .

The squashed Bloody Wolves sunk into the ground, but that’s a trifling matter, right?

Now then, this leaves three more Bloody Wolves .

Allen and Elena face a nearby Bloody Wolf together .

[Be careful, okay?]

[[Ye~s!]]

An energetic reply .

I think it will be all right, but no matter what I’m worried about the two children .

[Y, you guys certainly are… the people Wald brought along……]

[Yes . We have come to back you up]

One of the knights approaches and asks me while supporting his body with a sword . This is the team’s captain if I’m not mistaken .

I look at the people that were attacked .

Everyone has some kind of a wound, but including the people that are on their knees without being able to move, there doesn’t seem to be anyone with life threating injury .

[First of all, we will tidy this up . Please, gather the people that can’t move in one place in the meantime]

[O, oi!]

After saying that, I turn around and confront the two growling Bloody Wolves .

I think I have heard a disapproving voice, but I disregard it, and set up with the Water Katana in my right hand, and magic ready to be shot in my left hand .

[《Air Shot》]

First, I face one of the wolves and shoot an《Air Shot》at it to keep it in check and assault the other .

I evade the Bloody Wolf that attacks me from the back . The Bloody Wolf I kept in check with《Air Shot》imemdiately cut the distance between us .

I twist my body to evade the other charging Bloody Wolf and swing my katana at it, but it was able to dodge .

Strong! As expected of B-Rank monster .

Bringing the four down with a surprise attack might have been a big win .

While glaring at the two Bloody Wolves, I take a glance at Allen and Elena . They are skillfully poking the wolf down .

It somehow looks like they are playing . No, judging from their happy expressions, they really are playing .

But well~ They seem to be okay at the moment .

When I return my sight at the two Bloody Wolves, they rush at me as if they were waiting for this timing .

Now then, what should I do?

I could easily defeat them with some extra magical power, but I would damage both the wolves and surroundings too much . That is no good, right?

The fur of Bloody Wolf is selling for a high price . They appear to be used to make coats for noble ladies .

If I’m thinking like that, could it be that I got used to an adventurer lifestyle?

N~ I don’t want to damage the fur, after all~ It’s a pity, but I don’t want to waste much time .

[《Air Shot》]

First, I shot several air bullets at the same time .

---Don!

They hit the ground here and there, causing a cloud of dust whirl up . This time, I charge right inside the bad visibility cloud .

[Ha!]

I swing down the katana at the sign of presence .

[Gyaun!]

A sense of feedback .

I make sure once the cloud of dust clears up . I see a wolf head at my feet .

Un . I was able to defeat it . Moreover, not the body, but it’s neck . I did better than I expected .

The other Bloody Wolf groans at the loss of its companion .

A one on one charge?

I was about to strike that fellow down with my sword .

But, at that time---

[Gyaun!]

Something came crashing into the side of the Bloody Wolf .

[……… Are?]

The thing that crashed into the Bloody Wolf is! Another Bloody Wolf .

When I look at the direction the Bloody Wolf flew from, Allen and Elena were there .

Their flying kicks sent it to the crash course .

The flying Bloody Wolf is already dead, but the one it crashed into is still alive, so I finished it first by slashing its neck .

[Oi! You alright!?]

Wald-sama and others arrived right at this moment .




Chapter 28

[[Onii~ chan!]]

The two children jump at me more enthusiastic than usual .

I was a little surprised, but I was able to catch them and gather them up in my arms .

[You two seem so happy]

[[It was fun♪]]

……… Un . You two were playing, after all .

[Are you unhurt?]

[[Un!]]

I make sure if the two are not injured, but it seems to be okay .

I understood that they could defeat a B-Rank monster without getting injured .

Though I intended to do my best to avoid the situations Allen and Elena have to fight, but it’s also important to support them to my best ability .

[The hell is this~!!]

After arriving and seeing the situation, Wald-sama who froze in a spot with his eyes open finally snapped back to reality and shouted .

The other members are having a similar reaction .

Injured colleagues, 7 Bloody Wolf corpses and two children in high spirits…… Ah~ Un . It certainly may be a delicate scene .

[…… Isaac, see the injured first and treat their wounds]

[Understood]

Hearing Wald-sama’s orders, Risner-sama takes a few subordinates and checks on the injured .

[Iris, check on injured]

[Yes!]

Iris-san also goes to check on the injured . She can use Light Magic, so she’s able to cure severely wounded people with Healing Magic .

I can use Healing Magic too, but… umm…… they don’t need my help… right?

Indeed, I don’t want to show more than this .

Un, I will leave it to everyone .

[Now then, Takumi . Did you defeat all these Bloody Wolves yourself?]

Uo!! Wald-sama inquiries with a menacing voice .

He’s unreasonably scary . Moreover, his stare is piercing?

[…… No . You are wrong?]

Allen and Elena helped me . I didn’t do it alone .

[Correction . Did you and the two shorties defeat all these Bloody Wolves?]

[……… That’s correct]

The brightness in Wald-sama’s eyes became even sharper .

Seems like I won’t be able to deceive him .

[…… I see…… that helped . There’s no time to dismantle, but collect everything, for now]

[Roger]

I stood steady ready for next Wald-sama’s incomprehensible action, but he lightly claps ponpon on my shoulders, then he went to check with Isaac-san on the situation .

…… It didn’t look like he was angry .

First of all, let’s do as told and collect the corpses of the Bloody Wolves .

When I finished collecting them, the emergency treatment ended as well .

Unfortunately, the low-grade drugs and Iris-san’s Healing Magic is not enough to help all members recover completely . I see bandaged people here and there .

Only about half is completely recovered .

After a little bit, the last team joined up with us .

But, it wasn’t possible to immediately move to the camping point so we have changed the location of the camp .

[Furious, I want to confirm the situation with you, is that all right?]

[Ou . No problem]

The leader of the team that was attacked by the Bloody Wolves, Captain of the Third Unit of Shirin Knights, Furious Tierra-sama .

Tierra-sama is the eldest son of a Count House and Wald-sama’s friend .

Also, he’s the person supporting his body with a sword who called out to me before .

Although he was cured with Iris-san’s Healing Magic, his face is still a little bit pale from the loss of blood .

[Even though I say that, the one who defeated the pack of the Bloody Wolves which assaulted us was…… Takumi? They saved us . Nevertheless, Wald . You have brought an outrageous fellow along . He defeated the enemies all of us couldn’t match without getting hurt]

[Although I was the one who brought Takumi and the children along, I didn’t know that much about his real ability . Speaking frankly, it was unexpected]

It’s tough being the subject of the topic, though……

I can’t even leave because Wald-sama forcefully made me sit next to him……

[It’s hard to believe, isn’t it?]

[Brad, it’s certain that Takumi-san possesses tremendous ability]

[Isaac? I see… Even without conclusive evidence, if you are the one saying so, it must be true…]

The leader of the last team to join up, Vice Captain of the Third Unit of Shirin Knights, Brad Ganforg-sama listens with a bewildered expression .

[Hahaha~ Takumi doesn’t look strong at all, after all~]

[Uwa!]

Wald-sama claps on my back while laughing .

Slightly painful…… moreover, above all, my whole body is shaking .

[Captain again…… the children will kick you flying, you know?]

The kids growl while glaring at Wald-sama again .

When Risner-sama brings it up, they are already ready to jump at any moment .

[[Uu~]]

[I, I’m not bullying him or anything!?]

Wald-sama defends himself in panic, but the two didn’t stop growling at him .

[Allen-kun, Elena-san . Next time Captain does something rude, it’s all right to kick him flying okay? However, make sure he doesn’t die in the process please]

[[Un!]]

[Oi!? Isaac, why are you giving them permission on your own!?]

[It’s all right . I told them to not kill you . Start learning please if you find it disagreeable]

[………]

Hahaha~ If you tell that to the children, they will really kick Wald-sama flying, you know? Allen and Elena responded with sparkling eyes…

Rather, aren’t those two relatively good with Risner-sama? Moreover, it’s because he always stops Wald-sama when he jabs me… is that really because of that simple reason?

Also, isn’t the way Risner-sama is handling Wald-sama gradually getting rougher?

[Iya~ Looking at the children, I got worried that our Captain is too much of a good for nothing . I intend to take this opportunity to make him learn properly]

[Haa…… is that so?]

As if hearing the voice in my mind, Risner-sama answers while smiling .

Your face is smiling, but your eyes are not!? Just how much trouble does Wald-sama bring to Risner-sama every day!?

[[Can’t~?]]

They probably saw my troubled expression . Allen and Elena ask to confirm . However, if these two plead me like that…… I can’t refuse .

[Ah~… You got Risner-sama’s permission so… is that really alright?]

[Yes, I don’t mind]

[Oi!?]

[Want to have a kick at once?]

[[Can I?]]

[Why!?]

Tierra-sama, Ganforg-sama and everyone around who heard our conversation starts laughing .

Wald-sama starts looking around timidly .

[However, don’t you think the forest is a bit strange?]

After the laughing calmed down, Teirra-sama suddenly says with a serious expression .

[Yes . Our unit encountered almost no monsters since yesterday . Speaking frankly, it’s strange]

Ganforg-sama reports while frowning .

[I was thinking it’s strange since a while ago . Rudolph-san is of the same opinion]

[Ah . The number of monsters we have encountered is too few . Despite that, the monsters attack in groups]

Every subjugation unit feels that something strange is going on in the forest .

Based on that, we should be talking about the future plan .

[[Ah]]

[N? Is something the… matter……!!]

In the middle of the conversation, Allen and Elena suddenly leak out small voices .

Feeling somehow uncomfortable, I look towards the direction the two are looking at .

There, I see a big serpent coiled around a thick tree aiming at us .

[Wha…! Above!!]

I raise my voice to notify the others who didn’t notice yet .

What a thing! My attention was elsewhere so I wasn’t aware something like that got so close to us .

[Wha!!!]

[!!!!!]

Shurushuru the sound of hissing resounds .

Everyone is lost for words because of its size .

[… Evil Viper!!]

An enormous snake tens of meters in length . An A-Rank monster, Evil Viper has appeared .




Chapter 29

[Sha------!!]

Evil Viper jumps down from the tree with its mouth open wide .

[[[Uwa-----!!]]]

It swoops down on the Knights who were resting near the tree .

[[Yaa!]]

Allen and Elena had approached the Evil Viper before I noticed, they get past the Knights, ready to kick the Evil Viper’s jaw .

[! Allen, Elena get away!《Wind Cutter》]

I quickly get the two in panic and release a Wind Cutter .

Allen, Elena… when did you move there? No, un…… you have excellent moves, but… don’t surprise me like that……

The Evil Viper got pushed 1-2 meters away, but there was no visible damage .

[Earth, penetrate《Earth Needle》]

Several sharp pillars project from the ground in pursuit of the Evil Viper .

[You guys, quickly withdraw!]

Farius Tierra-sama shouts loudly and evacuates the Knights who are near the Evil Viper .

The one who used who used the Earth Magic a little while ago was apparently Tierra-sama .

The Tierra House is famous for producing people specialized in Earth Magic . He himself is probably a knight with Earth Magic as a specialty .

[Takumi, right? You were great help]

[No, Tierra-sama had a great follow-up]

[I don’t like being called with my house name . Farius is all right . Rather than those, these pipsqueaks are amazing . They reacted faster than anyone]

[These two acted intuitively…]

Farius-sama stands beside and adresses me .

If not for this situation, I would like to have a nice long talk, but we can’t afford that at the moment .

[Evil Viper, huh . A nasty fellow has appeared . Oi, wounded people fall back! Don’t get in the way or all of us will die]

Rudolph-san clicks his tongue, prepares his halberd and tells the injured to stay away .

I also give instructions to Allen and Elena to stay away from the Evil Viper .

[Iris, Gilm! You two provide support . Zack! Don’t act carelessly!!]

[I know!!]

Iris-san and Gilm-san take some distance, and set up their bows and throwing knives .

Zack-san draws his sword and lines up beside Rudolph-san .

[Gill, provide support]

From another party,[Flaming Soldiers Troupe], swordsmen Gantz-san and Mick-san, and a mage Gillbard-san take battle positions .

The Knights who can move also draw their swords .

As expected, the half of the Knights that were attacked by the Bloody Wolves and[Black Twin Sword]party fell back .

[Seiya!!]

When the battle preparations finished, Rudolph-san begins by slashing his halberd .

[Tsk! Ineffective as I expected . Didn’t leave a single scratch]

It has received almost no damage so far .

Evil Viper’s body--its shiny black surface doesn’t get damaged by both physical attacks and magic . It’s a first-grade material for protective gear . Soft and light attacks won’t injure it .

---Doshin .

Evil Viper’s tail strikes the ground .

Uo! What a terrible sound . If that hits, won’t one receives a good amount of damage?

[Ha!]

[Yaa!]

[Fire, congregate《Fire Ball》]

[Light, pierce《Light Arrow》]

Offensive ranged attacks . Magic attacks . One after another hits the target, but to no effect .

Where is its weak point?

I observe the Evil Viper while shooting magic .

[[[Guwa!!]]]

Some of the knights get blown away by the viper’s tail .

The Evil Viper hisses as if sneering at us .

And the next moment, it rushes towards Zack-san .

Fast!

[Gu!!]

Zack-san tried to avoid, but the Evil Viper curved it’s body and instantly changed directions . It rammed into him, and he got blown off .

Furthermore, it continues to charge into other knights .

[[Unyuu~]]

Eeeeh~!?

Allen and Elena caught the Evil Viper’s tail and stopped its charge .

Again!? Mou~ why don’t you obediently wait for me~!!

The Evil Viper’s charge was stopped thanks to those two? The damage has been thereby suppressed, but… However, see, because you stopped the Evil Viper’s charge, it turned towards you two~!

[Allen, Elena! It’s dangerous so release the tail and get away from it!!]

I immediately retrieve a knife from《Infinite Storage》 .

Then, I throw it at the Evil Viper who is glaring at Allen and Elena .

If the skin is hard, how about its eyes?

[Sha-------!!]

The skillfully thrown knife stabs into the Evil Viper’s left eye .

The Evil Viper shouts in pain and starts violently thrashing around .

Dotan, batan, the sound of the ground getting hit resounds .

[Nice, Takumi! Haaaa!]

Wald-sama envelops his sword with a flame and slashes at the Evil Viper .

Is that a magic sword?

Ju… the sound and smell of burning spreads . The attack seemed to work a bit, but Wald-sama’s sword was repelled .

Then, the one-eyed Evil Viper furiously stares over here--at me .

I suddenly had an unpleasant feeling . And I at once averted my gaze from Allen and Elena .

[[Ukya!]]

It aimed for that moment .

The Evil Viper hit Allen and Elena with all its might .

[Allen! Elena!!]

The two are blown two meters away .

Shit! What a terrible mistake!

[Iris!]

[Understood!]

At Rudolph-san instructions, Iris-san rushes to the two .

[……]

I also wanted to run over immediately .

However, the one-eyed Evil Viper aimed for me as it fixedly watched me .

If I run over to Allen and Elena now, the Evil Viper will definitely charge at me .

Therefore, I can’t leave from this place .

[it’s okay . They will be able to get up immediately]

[Yes, I know]

Rudolph-san calls out to me who is worried about the children .

Certainly, Allen and Elena got up immediately .

Therefore, I calm myself down, but a certain emotion gushes out .

[… Rudolph-san, can you gain me a bit of time?]

[What do you plan to do?]

[I will use an advanced Wind Magic]

[…………… You can use it?]

[I have never used it before . However, I feel like I will definitely be able to use it now]

Un, there’s no problem proficiency wise . I should be able to use it .

Even if I normally wouldn’t, I feel like I would be able to do anything at this moment .

[………… I understand . Leave it to us]

[Thank you . Separate from the Evil Viper on my sign please . If possible, please evacuate behind me]

[Roger]

After requesting Rudolph-san, I start gathering a significant amount of magical power .

I extend my right hand and concentrate all the magical power I gather into it .

How much…… is this much okay?

I give the signal to Rudolph-san, and everyone evacuates behind me . And then, I activate the magic .

The Evil Viper who wasn’t being restricted anymore started creeping towards me .

[Sha------!]

The Evil Viper creeping on the ground raises its head and cries out .

[Wind . Reap my enemy《Wind Edge》]

Just like reaping grass with a sickle…… a wind scythe aims towards the Evil Viper’s neck .

---Zashu!!!

The condensed wind explodes .

That instant, the Evil Viper’s head supan snapped and rolled on the ground . Without the head, the rest of the body crumbled to the ground .

The moment I thought it’s finally over--

----Mishimishi… doshin, mishimishi… doshin!

[Ge!]

Three trees thick as four adult men joining hands, fall to the ground .

The wind flew far better than I expected .

[……………………]

[Ahahahahahaha~~]

Shit! I used too much magical power……

And I even thought I stopped increasing magical power at the right moment……

It looks like if I used a bit more magical power, there would be a recreation spot created inside the forest .

Advanced magic, scary!

The spectacle of an A-Rank monster was splendidly blown away .




Chapter 30

[How powerful magic can you use……]

[Hahaha~]

Rudolph-san who promptly came to his senses says tiredly .

[Takumi, Evil Viper’s blood is a precious material . Quickly store it in your《Infinite Storage》before everything spills out]

I follow Rudolph-san instructions and quickly tidy up the Evil Viper .

There, Allen and Elena run up to me .

[[Onii~ chan! Ama~zing!]]

[Ahahaha~ Thanks . Allen, Elena, how are your injuries?]

[[Fi~ne]]

Allen and Elena who saw my magic became slightly excited . After holding them up in my arms, I confirm their safety first .

There, Iris-san approached .

[Iris-san, thank you very much]

[…… Yeah . Don’t worry about it . I didn’t do that much . Ah… the two didn’t have any large injuries, it was only a scratch . I healed them just in case, but there may be a bump so look over their state for a while]

I thank Iris-san while embracing Allen and Elena . She herself is a mage, so her cheeks stiffened a bit under the overwhelming power of the wind .

However, I perceived that she tried her best to act normally . Both Rudolph-san and she talked to me normally without making a distance…… they are really good people .

Still, Allen’s and Elena’s injuries seemed to be only a few scratches . Their bodies are more sturdy than that of an ordinary person as expected .

I got goosebumps because an ordinary person would receive serious injuries or even possibly die from that .

I will be careful so something like that never happens again! Yeah, I have made up my mind .

[Takumi, collect all the trees you knocked down too]

[Eh? All of it!?]

[Naturally! Are you trying to make those splendid tree rot in vain!? You shouldn’t have a problem with that much magical power!]

The capacity of《Inifnite Storage》depends on the user’s magical power . An ordinary user would be able to store about several tons of items . In my case, I should be all right with tens of thousands .

As the name suggests, limitless . I can store without limits . Rudolph-san probably said that because he understood .

I have collected every fallen tree .

And then, after the injured were treated we returned to the original place .

Now then, there’s one more thing to tidy up .

[Takumi, you saved us . Still, what an unbelievable magic…… wha!? O, oi!?]

Ignoring Wald-sama, I approach a certain knight and swung my leg at him . Because I used the power of the wind, he instantly fell down .

[Uwa! …… gu]

I trample down on that man’s throat, take out my katana and graze it against his cheek .

[Takumi!?]

[W, what!?]

Surprised voices resound from around .

[Don’t move]

I calmly say to the man under my feet .

It wasn’t that of a loud voice, but it was enough to make him stop trying to run away .

[Takumi, what are you doing!?]

Wald-sama calls out again .

[What am I doing…… is it? Please ask this fellow instead]

[Ha? Sajesh? Sajesh, you, did you do something?]

[I didn’t do anything!]

[………… Takumi?]

[How dare you~ Even though you eyes were so full of thirst for blood just a while ago, to say that you didn’t do anytihng……]

[Come again!? Are you sure?]

Everyone listening gets surprised .

[It’s the truth . He was glaring at Takumi since he joined us . I have turned blind eye because I judged he wouldn’t hurt Takumi, but . As expected, doing something like that from behind while I was putting my life on the line, I also couldn’t leave it alone]

[Wha!?]

Looks like Rudolph-san noticed it too . As one would expect from him .

The people who haven’t noticed became even more surprised .

[Even I who is unrelated is bothered by it . Takumi had no choice, but to be conscious all the time that he is being target . And yet, the actual damage actually fell on the pipsqueaks]

Yes . Allen and Elena got injured because of this fellow .

[…… No way . The reason the two suddenly turned around and were attacked by the Evil Viper……]

[They felt this guy’s thirst for blood and promptly turned around]

Rudolph-san explains everything in my stead .

That’s right . At that time, this man’s thirst for my blood swelled up for an instant . Because of that, Allen and Elena reacted to the thirst for my blood and turned around .

These children are very sensitive of negative feelings against me . Because of that, they unconsciously responded to it and turned around .

[Sajesh… you……]

[It’s a lie!! Stop talking crap!]

Sajesh is resisting even after all of that .

[People might have believed you if only I said it . However, a genuine A-Rank Rudolph-san explained it himself . And that is a crap? Stop joking around!!]

With only my testimony, there would be probably only a few people who would believe me . In fact, there wasn’t anyone else who noticed his thirst for blood… That doesn’t mean the Knights are incompetent . It’s just that they weren’t conscious of their colleague .

I think Rudolph-san explained personally because he understood .

[Ugu]

“Confess it” with those words, Sajesh crumbled completely .

[You! You are in the wrong!! A commoner like you who came from who knows where favored by Captain Ruven!!]

N? Captain Ruven?

Sajesh’s reason was a bit unexpected .

[…… Wald-sama?]

[………]

When I look at Wald-sama, he instantly looks away . He keeps on looking away .

Because it seemed like I will never get my answer, I look towards Risner-sama for the explanation . Then, Risner-sama starts inevitably explaining .

[He’s Sajesh Krantz . He’s a member of the third unit, but that… he has openly declared his love for Captain………]

[L, love!? Not respect or admiration!?]

[Yes, it’s a love…]

Eeh!? He loves him…… seriously……

A masculine knight and a slender, handsome knight…… no need to guess, aren’t they favorite food of rotten women?

Haa~ I, it’s my first time seeing it in person… As expected, they are even in the Knights . No, is that precisely because the Knights is a male society?

Therefore, I wind and quietly take distance from Sajesh .

Eh, does that perhaps mean that Sajesh recognized me as his love rival!?

Why does he have such misunderstanding!?

It’s a mystery how he came to that conclusion . Because I received a slight shock, I call Allen and Elena for healing .

[Then, the reason this person has picked quarrel with me is because he thinks I have snaged Captain Wald from him?]

[Wrong!!]

Wald-sama cries out loudly .

[I definitely have no interest in keeping men company!!!]

Hohou~ To deny it so strongly… right?

[Wald-sama seems like a person who trains all the time so it’s unlikely he has a history with women . Then…… in fact……]

[Takumi!? What are you saying!!]

[No, no, isn’t it all right? Each person has his own interests, please don’t mind us]

[Yo… you, stop joking! I said that you are wrong!!]

Indeed, it makes you want to tease him, right?

[Takumi-san . Please stop teasing Captain anymore]

[Ah, yes]

Since I was stopped by Risner-sama, I will end my teasing of Wald-sama here .

[Teasing… Takumi, youu!!]

Wald-sama finally notices that I was teasing him .

[I’m really sorry that we have involved Takumi-san in the circumstances of us Knights . Our supervision was too poor . However, how about entrusting the punishment to the Knights?]

[I don’t mind]

Risner-sama apologized and asked to entrust Sajesh’s punishment to the Knights .

Of course, I agreed .

Risner-sama got taken a back by my simple acknowledgement .

[…… Is that okay? It reached the extent the children got injured, you know?]

[That is so . However, in the end, Allen and Elena got off only with some scratches, and I also am responsible for leaving this person’s thirst for blood just like that . However, if there’s a next time, I won’t be so linient]

Certainly, getting Allen and Elena injured is not tolerable, however, while that may be true, solving him with violence or killing him off…… I won’t do something like that . I’m not such person .

Because I have no problem with it, I leave the Knights deal with Sajesh .

[I will also apologize . I’m sorry for my subordinate]

[Thank you very much for your open-mindeness]

Farius-sama and Ganforg-sama lower their heads .

It has been decided that the other Knights will monitor Sajesh, while his punishment will be decided later .

Although I say punishment, it was just a thirst for blood, so I don’t think it will be a heavy punishment . A wage cut? Demotion or discharge from Knights probably won’t happen .

All is fine if he doesn’t pick up a quarrel with me anymore .

[Is it over? Takumi, I’m hungry . Food, please]

[…… Eh?]

After tidying up, Rudolph-san suddenly says .

I couldn’t understand for a moment .

No, no, that’s the line you would normally say to Cain-san or Heinz-san, right? Why are you saying that to me!?

[The most important person of the battle, me is starving . I don’t want to eat dried meat or a hard bread, I want to eat something delicious]

[Allen is hungry too~]

[Elena too~]

Ah, un . I have to make a meal for Allen and Elena . It’s almost time for sun to set, they have been moving all afternoon, huh . Of course, they’d be hungry .

Well~ I’m grateful to Rudolph-san and the others, so there’s no problem making something, but……

Chirari, I glance and the Knights . The Knights who weren’t with us don’t know what’s going on, but the eyebrows of the Knights in our team turned into “ハ” .

They want me to prepare their meals too, but they are afraid to ask because of the matter with Sajesh . They are making such expressions .

Speaking frankly, I don’t have any good feelings towards Sajesh . However, it’s not like I’m angry at the other Knights……

Now then, what should I do?

[Make, many~]

[Will help~]

Seeing me troubled, Allen and Elena grab my hands and drag me to Cain-san and Heinz-san while talking .

[…… Eh? That……]

Cain-san and Heinz-san troubled with an answer, look at children, me, Wald-sama and Risner-sama…… then, their eyes wander .

[[Can’t~?]]

[…… It’s not like that]

Allen and Elena support me .

Mou~! These children are seriously good children!!

I could not bear it anymore and patted their heads .

[Because Allen and Elena are hungry, won’t you help me out?]

[Y, yes! What shall we start with!]

Since it’s been decided, let’s start right away!

The gathered mushrooms, wild grass, the dismantled Orc meat at hand, with the help of the two Knights we have prepared a lot of food which everyone ate .

Quite a delicious meal if I say so myself . I’m satisfied!

The next day, it was judged that there were too many injured people and continuing the investigation would be dangerous . It has been decided to return to the town after three days of the expedition .




Chapter 31

A day after returning from the expedition, we were leisurely spending time in the inn’s room .

Therefore, I decided to confirm my status which I did not see for a while .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Takumi Kayano

【Race】Human?［Wind God’s retainer (Temporary)］

【Occupation】Mage

【Age】20

【Level】25

【Skills】

Light Magic 66 | Dark Magic 62

Wind Magic 169 | Water Magic 50

Space Magic 109 | Life Magic 124

Swordsmanship 54 | Throwing 49

Appraisal 209 | Dismantling 119

Familiars 22 | Training 12

Cooking 113 | Sewing 23

Washing 12 | Cleaning 31

Crafting 39 | Gathering 42

Arithmetics 108 | Reading 125

Concealment 37 | Detection 35

Oracle 12

Abnormal Status Resistance 300 | Mental Status Resistance 300

Physical Attack Resistance 300 | Magic Attack Resistance 300

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

Friend of Wind God Sylphreel

Savior

Conqueror of Low-Grade Dungeon

Monster Contractor

【Contracted Beasts】

Fenrir (Joule)

Thunderhawk (Bolt)

Celestial Tiger (Feat)

＝＝＝＝＝

My level increased considerably, and my skill proficiencies rose too .

A new entry,【Contracted Beasts】appeared .

And, strangely, I have obtained【Water Magic】 .

Because its proficiency is not in the single digits, I think it means that I didn’t learn it naturally, but it’s something that I was given . It’s not something the Wind God Syl could give me directly, but I think he somehow has his hands in it .

Speaking of Water Magic, it’s something Allen and Elena have, but never learned how to use it .

But, unlike the advanced knowledge about Wind Magic that was implemented into me, I have little to no knowledge about Water Magic…

In the first place, because all the knowledge about the use of magic was implemented, I have no idea how to teach them .

Would they sell magic books in the bookstores? Let’s look for a bookstore later .

[[O~ne, two~, three~, fo~ur, five~ ……… ten!]]

I put the teaching of magic aside for now and taught Allen and Elena numbers .

[Yes, well done . This is a copper coin . What goes after 10 copper coins?]

[[This!]]

[Correct~]

[[Ehehe~]]

In the beginning, I thought it would be nice if I could teach them to count up to 100, but the two learned it just like that .

Therefore, I greedily taught them to count up to 10,000♪

And then, I lined up coins by ten side by side, 10 Copper coins, 10 Large Copper coins…… first of all, I taught them about five kind of coins .

[Then, next is 54G]

[[N, this……… here!]]

[Correct~]

[[Yatta~]]

When I ask for a specific amount, Allen and Elena correctly count and present me with 5 Large Copper coins and 4 Copper coins .

They were nervously presenting the coins at first, but they got the gist of it after doing it for several times, and now they have confident expressions .

When I pat their heads while saying[You did well], the two look very happy .

Seriously adorable!!

[Then, if I shopped for 26G with this?]

[[N, umm…… this!]]

I only taught them about five kinds of coins, but they accurately grasped their value .

Therefore, this time, I handed them a Silver coin and asked them to return me the correct amount . The two correctly returned me 7 Large Copper coins and 4 Copper coins .

Not only addition, but they are also able to subtract . Aren’t they amazing?

If they were able to come this far, putting it into practice follows, right?

◇ ◇ ◇

[Allen, Elena . Is there something you want to buy?]

We went to the shopping street at once .

The store we went to first deals in dried food . They are selling the dried fruits Allen and Elena often eat for snacks .

The shop assistant is a middle-aged woman, and because this woman always looks at Allen and Elena with gentle gaze when we are here, I have decided on this shop to be Allen’s and Elena’s first shopping place .

[Welcome . Have you found what you want?]

Sure enough, the woman matched the children’s eyes and picked up the jar with products, so it’s easier to see .

[Can you show what you want and say[Please], Allen?]

[Un! This! Please!]

Allen says while pointing at an apricot-like dried fruit in the jar .

[Yes . Shuri fruit, is it? How many would you like?]

[Umm……… five!]

After Allen was asked about the number of pieces he wanted, he glanced at me first, so I showed him “5” with my palm . Then, Allen correctly answered the woman with the right number .

[5 pieces, is it? That will cost you 75G]

[Urmm…… here!]

[Ara? …… Maa! It’s precise! How admirable~]

The woman got surprised the moment Allen took out the money . She then looked at me, and I nodded at her with the meaning of request . My meaning seemed to have conveyed properly, as she faced Allen right away .

Allen took out coins from his pouch and handed them to the woman . The woman received the money, got surprised that the amount was right and praised Allen .

[Next is Elena, okay?]

[Un! Elena, this! Please!]

[Yes . Riigo fruit . How many would you like?]

[Five!]

Elena who could observe the exchange between the woman and Allen had a smoother time .

[Yes . Then, that makes 60G]

[Ummm…… here!]

[Yes . That’s just right . How admirable~]

The woman also praised Elena well .

It really helps she praised them equally .

[[We did it~?]]

[Un . You did really well~ Admirable, admirable]

Because the two clung to me after storing the dried fruit in their pouches, I patted their heads a lot .

[Thank you very much for going along]

When I thank the woman who helped Allen and Elena with their first shopping, the woman said[Don’t worry about it] .

Together with the thanks, I bought some dried fruit, nuts, spices and fine powders in a reasonable amount .

We went to the bookstore next .

Although the objective is to purchase books related to magic, I also need to buy some novels .

I haven’t read anything since arriving at Aetherdia . I read dozens of novels a month back on Earth, so I’m already missing it .

The paper is also produced on Aetherdia, so it’s quite inexpensive . Because of that, the books are sold at reasonable price .

A paper is a high-class item, and books are luxuries! I’m glad it wasn’t that kind of pattern .

Good amount of books is displayed on the bookshelves .

Books about magic, medicinal plants, monster books with pictures and their special traits, poetry and scriptures . Of course, there are also many in the novels genre . Maa~ most of the contents of the stories are about adventures and love, though .

After looking around the shop for a while, I found[Magic Basics][List of Incantations], these two books .

Not necessary for me, but I thought it would be easier to explain to Allen and Elena, so I brought encyclopedias like[Complete Works of Plants][Complete Works of Monsters]and returned to the inn .




Chapter 32

Takumi-san!]

We visit the Adventurer’s Guild today . It’s to complete the procedures required for us to receive the Gaya Forest expedition request reward .

Risner-sama said to come to the guild to receive the reward the other day .

When we enter the building, Luna-san jumps out from behind the counter .

[Luna-san? What’s the matter?]

[I was waiting for you!! Now then, let’s go to the Guild Master! Hey, quickly! Allen-kun, Elena-chan too, come quickly]

[[!! Onii~ chan~]]

Guild Master?

While not understanding, Luna-san drags me deeper into the guild, and takes me to the Guild Master’s office . Allen and Elena trot after me while confused .

[Master, Takumi-san has arrived so I brought him]

[Ah, come in]

When Luna-san knocked at the door and stated her business, she immediately received a response from the other side .

When I opened the door, I saw a man with gray hair sitting on the front office desk . The man stands from his chair and shows us inside .

[I work as the Master of Shirin’s Adventurer’s Guild . Johann is my name]

[I’m Takumi Kayano . These children are Allen and Elena . It’s nice to meet you]

This man is the Guild Master . He seems to know about me, but I introduced myself just in case .

The Guild Master urges us to sit on a sofa in the middle of the room . I sit on the sofa as told, Allen and Elena sit on both of my sides .

[…… . This man? He doesn’t seem like it…… However, if Ruven-dono and Rudolph-dono are saying so, it can’t be wrong……]

Wald-sama and Rudolph-san?

While I let Allen and Elena sit down on the sofa, the Guild Master mutters something to himself . I wasn’t able to hear properly, but the two’s names came up, right?

[…… Umm?]

[Oh no, I was told leaving your rank as is would be foolish . However, you don’t look that strong to me……]

It appears that the business was about a rank up .

Which reminds me, Wald-sama and Rudolph-san were talking about something like that in the Gaya Forest . The talk went quite quickly……

And then, the Guild Master looks directly at me and states bluntly .

[Don’t think badly of me . I have initially raised to the post of Guild Master by doing secretary work, I don’t know much about fighting . But, seeing adventurers for so long I have developed an eye for strong individuals, but…… unlike the other adventurers I have seen before…… I don’t understand well…]

To adventurers, being told[You don’t look that strong]is something that would make them angry .

Actually, since my neurons were destroyed once before……

Therefore, the Guild Master’s standard for judging adventurers can’t be applied to me .

Also, the aura of the strong? Is it because I don’t have something like that?

At any rate, I didn’t go through the “getting stronger little by little” process, so it’s impossible to have that .

[…… Well, you real ability was without a doubt endorsed by those two . I intend to make you an A-Rank]

[Eeh? A-Rank!?]

I thought it would be C-Rank, but A-Rank?

To be honest, I got so surprised a strange voice left my mouth .

[What about examination and such?]

[There’s no problem since Ruven-dono and Rudolph-dono confirmed your ability . You have defeated Bloody Wolves and Evil Viper, right?]

You have completely given up your judgment of me not looking that strong, didn’t you…… is it okay to rank up that easily?

Whether it is a nobility and captain of the Knight Wald-sama or Rudolph-san who is a high-rank adventurer who guaranteed my ability, it is, after all, information from someone else . But, if the Guild Master accepted it so quickly, he must trust those two quite a lot .

[So, an A-Rank?]

[The Guild Master’s authority can grant rank only up to A-Rank . An approval of several Guild Masters is needed for S-Rank, so that’s indeed impossible for me]

It’s the opposite, opposite! I was uneasy because my rank raised too much!

Nobody can complain about not becoming an S-Rank!

[According from what I heard, those children are also strong . What do you want to do?]

[…… What to do?]

[I can also give rank to these children, but if children like that receive a high rank it will most likely have the opposite effect . But, if they at E-Rank you won’t be able to accept high-rank requests because your party will stay at low level]

Ah, indeed .

Because the members’ average rank determines the party rank, the party rank at this rate would be “D” I think?

It’s not problem for me, but if the Guild needed me to take a request I would be able to……

He asked for our convenience rather than going straight for the profit first .

Chirari, when I glance at Allen and Elena, they obediently sit while smiling at me . They are not alerted at all .

It’s no doubt that this Guild Master is a good person .

In that case, let’s compromise .

[I’m okay without raising the rank of the two, but…… if it’s a problem for the guild how about increasing their rank to D?]

[Fumu~ If that’s the case…… the party rank would be C? That is reasonable……]

If Allen and Elena become D-Rank, the party rank will become C . It’s possible to receive requests that are one rank higher, in other words, B-Rank requests . A-Rank requests are very rare, so we will be able to receive almost every requests .

[Umu . Well then, let’s finish the procedure]

◇ ◇ ◇

We left the office of the Guild Master, went to the counter to update the Guild Card, and received the reward which was our original purpose of coming here .

When everything was over, Luna-san looked at me with sparkling eyes as if she was expecting something .

[Now then, Takumi-san!]

[Umm…… what is it?]

Did Luna-san and I make some kind of a promise?

[Materials, the materials~! Please sell me the materials from Gaya Forest~ I have received info from Rudolph-san that Takumi-san has a lot in his possession!]

[Ah, so it’s about that]

[That’s right! I have waited for Takumi-san’s arrival!]

It seems that she marked the Gaya Forest materials . Indeed, Luna-san said something like[Please get a lot] .

I have several Red Wolves and Bloody Wolves so it may not be a bad idea to sell them .

And then some medicinal plants? Allen and Elena worked hard and got a lot, so it may be alright to sell some?

[Should I take them out here?]

[Ah! That’s right, sorry . But, it’s okay! I have secured the biggest warehouse that will even fit the Evil Viper! I will lead you there right away~]

Luna-san knew I have Evil Viper in my possession . Did you heart that from Rudolph-san too……

Ah, that’s right, I’m in charge of looking after the Evil Viper, but the Knights and the other three adventurer parties gave up their rights . Indeed, I refrained from receiving a whole corpse of an A-Rank monster, but…… I was ignored .

Therefore, the whole Evil Viper eventually became ours .

[Over here]

We were taken to the Guild’s largest warehouse . Certainly, if it’s this place, it will fit if straight, but it will be pretty close if the body bends .

Luna-san contacted the dismantling staff beforehand . They are full of motivation .

But, there’s something I have to check first .

[I’d like the Evil Viper’s skin for our protective skin, but…]

Because I felt like it’s not needed, we didn’t use protective gear until now .

A normal shirt and pants with some magic tool accessories are what I usually use .

Allen and Elena are the same .

However, after Allen and Elena received an attack, I started thinking it may not be that bad to use it .

Heavy armor is not possible, but leather breastplate, gauntlets and such would be good . Also, strong boots that suit Allen’s and Elena’s fighting style .

BI think that the Evil Viper’s skin is ideal for that .

[Ngu! Not all of it, right!? You will sell us a bit, right!?]

When I tell that I’m unwilling to sell the Evil Viper skin, Luna-san goes into a panic .

[Is there something?]

[To tell the truth…… the Merchant Guild who caught the rumors are persistently contacting us]

Ah, so it’s something like that . They probably heard from the Knights or the adventurers that were with us . They probably contacted the Adventurer’s Guild immediately after that .

It seems they are eager for profit .

[It’s large, after all . Of course, I won’t be needing everything, I will properly sell]

[Really! Thank you very much!]

Rudolph-san said that Evil Viper’s blood is precious . I retrieve the corpse from the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Uwa~][… So big][Amazing!]

Seeing the Evil Viper’s body, the entranced staff in the warehouse leak voices of amazement .

[Hey! Everyone, stop staring blanky and begin to work!]

The staff came to their senses after hearing Luna-san and start working on the Evil Viper .

Although Evil Viper’s skin is very hard when it’s alive, it’s quite easier to handle once it died . That being said, it would still be impossible without special Mithril knives and good strength .

[Because the dismantling takes time, should we talk about the sale in the meantime? The dismantled materials will be held in the Guild’s warehouse, will you come for it tomorrow?][I understand . Also, I would like to sell this too, please]

Red Wolf, Bloody Wolf, Giant Boar, Great Monkey . Also medicinal plants . It was not everything I have, but I take out what I thought would be good to sell from the《Infinite Storage》 .

They are not all from the Gaya Forest, but they came from Aetherdia, so there shouldn’t be a problem?

[Kya-----!!!]

Luna-san who saw the goods I took out screams in joy .




Chapter 33

I’m sorry, I lost it a bit…… Ah, right, right . Takumi-san, the Head of the Woodworking Department of the Craftsman Guild said that he wanted to see you]

Luna-san whose sanity has returned suddenly recalls something .

The Craftsmen Guild is as the name suggest a guild where craftsmen register, in other words, a commercial and industrial organization .

Woodworking Department--Craftsmen specializing in wood processing such as carpenters and furniture craftsmen .

Blacksmithing Department--Craftsmen specializing in a metal processing of weapons, armors, cooking utensils and such .

Cooking Department--Craftstmen specializing in food such as bakers and chefs .

Medical Department--Craftsmen specializing in medical treatment such as therapists and pharmacists .

-- And so on . There are much more various departments .

It’s a place to regulate and share information, to arrange work and disciples, and to create connections between craftsmen .

[Craftsmen Guild wants to see me?]

[Yes . Takumi-san brought large trees from the Gaya Forest, right? I think they probably want to buy those from you……]

[………]

Luna-san…… You know even about the trees that I have knocked down and collected? Moreover, it’s not only known to the Adventurer’s Guild, but even the Craftsmen Guild knows of it?

Evil Viper, trees…… just how much information do you have…… Although it’s not regulated, don’t you know way too much? It has only been a day since then you know?

I left the adventurer guild and decided to head towards the craftsman guild while dropping my shoulders at the information leak .

[I would like to meet the Head of the Woodworking Department, but]

[Do you have an appointment?]

When I inform the receptionist Oneesan of the Craftsmen Guild, she looks at me with a dubious expression .

If an unfamiliar person suddenly visits and wants to talk with the Department Head without an appointment, you might be suspicious, but this is too much in the face .

[No, I have received a message that the Department Head would like to see me]

[May I inquire about your name, please?]

[Ah, excuse me . It’s Takumi Kayano]

[I’m sorry . I have heard the story . I will call the Department Head . Can you wait a moment?]

[Yes, I understand]

When I tell her my name, the receptionist’s mood completely changed and she apologized .

It seems she was informed beforehand about my visit .

[Is that Takumi Kayano-dono!]

As soon as the receptionist left her seat, a large man appeared .

Zeezee, he gasps for breath, just how much were you hurrying!?

[Yes, that’s right . eh… um, are you the Head of the Woodworking Department?]

[Ah! Excuse me . I’m the Head of the Woodworking Department Galion . It’s too quick, but!! Gaya Forest’s large tree! You have it, right!?]

[…… Yes]

It is about selling the large tree from the Gaya Forest after all . He’s leaning forward, almost falling down . It was to the extent I unconsciously took a step back .

Trees from Gaya Forest seem to be excellent materials . Besides being able to make furniture without seams because it’s so big, it contains magical power so it’s possible to grant it fireproof magic .

Goods made from these trees are apparently all sold at high price .

But, as we know, Gaya Forest is a dangerous forest . Even when cutting down the trees around the forest, you don’t know when a demon appears, so you must not be negligent and hire an escort . Besides, cutting down the trees is a challenge itself . Besides, carrying it back is an equal difficulty .

Therefore, it’s not something craftsmen secure on their own, but it’s something that the Craftsmen Guild desperately needs .

Yep, that’s what the department Head-san told me in excitement .

I don’t care about it anymore . I won’t understand anymore technical talk!

Of course, I have no use of it, so I agreed to sell . After I had placed the trees in the storehouse, the department Head-san was going to begin to talk again, so I quickly received my money excused myself .

The enthusiasm was conveyed, but I am somewhat tired……

◇ ◇ ◇

[Hello]

After leaving the Craftsmen Guild, I visited the[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

Ünexpectedly, long time no see? The last time I came was before conquering the dungeon .

[Ou, Takumi……]

[Are, you look somehow down? There are also no products even though it’s just past afternoon?]

Road-san’s complexion was bad at first glance . In addition, there were no products lined on the shelves . There should be many products lined up with customers lining up until the evening, but……

What happened?

[Road-san?]

[No…… you see……]

Road-san begins to speak in a small voice .

His story was like this--

This noble coerced him[Sell the Cream bread]by using his power .

Road-san didn’t defy and made Cream bread with all ingredients he had left .

It seems to have ended at that time .

However, that noble told him to teach him the Cream bread’s recipe next . Naturally, Road-san didn’t respond to that .

A recipe is cook’s treasure . It’s not something that could be given out so easily .

Besides, I was the one who taught him the Cream bread recipe so it’s not something he could teach others on his own .

Is he too loyal or what should I say…… Road-san is an extremely diligent craftsman . But, I have good feelings about Road-san because he’s like that .

After declining him, the noble started making an uproar[They stole our secret recipe]this time . Furthermore, he pressured other stores not to sell the wheat flour which is always necessary for a bakery to[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

If there is no flour, he can’t make bread .

--Because of that, he had no choice and suspended the business .

What a dirty thing to do!

[If you told the Cream bread recipe, the opponent would pull back, but telling him obediently would be unpleasant…… Road-san . I’d like to investigate for a bit, could you wait for a few days?]

[Of course, I have no objections . It would be annoying just to give up after resisting this much . Rather, sorry for taking your time]

[Please don’t mind it . I’m not unrelated to this matter either]

Speaking of which, it’s my fault for teaching Road-san .

Besides, I don’t like people who use such dirty means . I feel like beating him up .

Un? It’s okay, I won’t beat him up physically . I can do it though if it’s the present me . But, because the opponent is a noble, I would most likely become a criminal?

[Ah, right . I almost forgot . I would like a bit larger amount of bread made, would that be alright? I will be using the ingredients I have at me]

[Ah, I don’t mind . I’m free anyway]

[Then, I would like this please]

I retrieve the necessary ingredients from the《Infinite Storage》, hand over the paper with number and types of bread to Road-san and left the store after saying I will come tomorrow again .

Now then, let’s start with collecting information!




Chapter 34

The name of the noble who is applying pressure on Road-san is a baron from Guardia called Gilbert .

The mastermind unexpectedly became apparent . I went to the store where Road-san usually buys ingredients, and when I asked the shop assistant, he answered me . Plainly .

The person in the shop didn’t want to do it, but[I couldn’t go against a noble . I’m really sorry to Road-san]he said .

[Oi! Those kids!!]

I was loitering around the shopping street and thinking “What to do?” about Baron Gilbert . All of sudden, a man shouts from behind me .

Allen and Elena got startled and hid behind me .

[Do you need something from the children?]

[Those fellows are my goods!]

[………]

…… What is this guy in the middle of the road talking?

When I appraised him, his occupation is Slave Trader . Slaves may be goods for a slave trader, but does he walk down the street and point at people making them his goods? How rude!

From his behavior, he must be the slave trader who was attacked near the Gaya Forest . He’s the one who must have ran away while using Allen and Elena as a decoy .

Though I heard they were half destroyed, this fellow was all right . What a lucky guy!

Rather, he still was in this town…… no, is it different? Has he been attacked on the way to his base?

Well, where this guy’s base is at, is unrelated to me, though .

[These children are my younger siblings . Could you please stop saying such rude things?]

[There’s no way I would mistake such distinctive kids! I will have you return them to me]

They are not slaves, they have names which are Allen and Elena, and in the first place, speaking about “returning” them is funny .

Even if what the slave trader says is true, it’s also true that he “threw them away” while using as a decoy . He has no right to claim himself as their owner . It’s only a false charge .

[Could you stop joking around?]

[Shut up! Hand them over at once!!]

[………]

I want to smash him up immediately .

But, if I do that here, he would definitely make an even bigger fuss of it .

I desperately suppress my impulse because I understand that it’s a bad move .

[Oi, what is this fuss!]

The town patrol seems to have noticed the uproar .

The curious spectators have gathered around us .

[Just at the right time . It’s a thief! This fellow has stolen my goods! Please arrest him!!]

The guards alternate their gazes between the slave trader and me .

[…… Is that the truth?]

[No, I did not do such thing]

Since the patrolling guard asked, I flatly denied it .

But you see~, a person who stole something wouldn’t usually obediently confess[I stole it], wouldn’t he? Did you make a mistake in the confirmation method?

Well, if I was arrested without being asked first, it would be a poor mistaken arrest .

[Have you heard what goods that person said I stole from him? And by looking at this situation, do you really think it’s true?]

[……… What are the stolen goods?]

[These children!!]

[[………]]

The curious onlookers look with disgust at the uselessly screaming slave trader . Allen and Elena clung to me, hiding even further .

The patrolling guards look at the frightened children hiding behind me and then look with dubious gazes at the slave trader . From the 3rd person view, it must seem like the slave trader has picked a fight with me . Actually, that’s true .

[Where’s the proof? Please show the proof that these children are your shop’s slaves . I will say it before hand, but these children don’t have a slave crest, you know?]

A crest is engraved on the bodies of slaves with Contract Magic which makes the slaves not being able to defy their master . If it’s not there, it means that Allen and Elena are not slaves .

Children who escaped on their own would have a crest carved on their bodies .

It costs money to apply Contract Magic . It’s this fellow’s fault for being a miser .

“The slave trade”, the trade of people is authorized in this country . And there are two kinds of slaves . Crime slaves and Debt slaves .

Crime slaves, as the name suggests are people who committed a crime . They are forcibly sent to mines where they have to do manual labor while strictly monitored .

The other one, Debt slaves are people who couldn’t return borrowed money and those who sold themselves . If they can pay off their principal, they will be released .

They are used as a work force, but their human rights are guaranteed . Therefore, there’s an obligation to provide meals and minimum necessities of life .

But, owners who treat them like products, not following the responsibility to protect them, and make them do criminal acts are never ceasing . This trader is one of those .

The patrolling guards and the curious onlookers realize that and look at the slave trader with cold eyes .

[If it’s the shop assistant of my shop, he can provide the proof!]

[If you tell that to your shop assistant, it will become an order . It won’t be a proof]

It’s easy making things convenient for yourself .

Rather, this must be a daily routine for this fellow .

[Even if it’s truth that these children resemble the children from your shop, it’s not restricted only to these children, right? You are a criminal who kidnaps children . Weren’t the children slaves in your shop actually kidnapped?]

The patrols and the onlookers hold their breath at my words . I hear[Surely not]from here and there .

With the interaction so far, it has become “It wouldn’t be strange if true” .

[Let us hear more detailed story back at the station]

[What have you said!?]

The patrol restricts the slave trader and drags him off .

[I would like to hear your side of the story too, but……]

[I don’t want to go to the same place as the trader . The children are frightened]

I didn’t feel the obligation to go to the station with the guards, so I refused . The patrol guard seemed to understand and didn’t force me to go .

But, I told him my name in case something comes up .

The patrol leaves, the onlookers scatter, I hold Allen and Elena in my arms and immediately leave the place .

[[Onii~ chan……]]

[Everything’s all right . I will be with you as long as Allen and Elena want to stay by my side]

[[Un……]]

When I reassure Allen and Elena who are full of anxiety, they cling in my arms even stronger .

After gathering information again, I have learned more things .

I have heard from the curious onlookers I have asked[With the noble backing him up, he does as he pleases]or[Recently influential], although on the level of rumors, the people at the shopping street knew quite a bit .

That slave trader--his Gist Company is supported by Baron Gilbert behind the scenes . The very same person who pressured the[Gold Wheat’s Shop] .

Again!? I almost tsukkomi’d in a loud voice .

Baron Gilbert apparently came to this town in order to purchase slaves .

Moreover, aren’t they talking about “children twins”?

Baron Gilbert apparently came to this town thinking he would be able to obtain them and then flew into a rage when he didn’t found them at the store . I heard that from the people who passed by the store .

That’s why the fuss from a while ago .

Because the children that he used to save himself suddenly appeared in front of him, he was going to obtain them whatever it takes .

It seems that those fellows are opponents who I have to crush with all my strength .




Chapter 35

[Alen, Elena . Good morning]

[[………]]

Since yesterday, Allen and Elena would never move away from me .

And when I told them good morning today, the two looked at me with dispirited expressions without speaking . They have reverted to their original state they were in when I found them .

That slave trader really did it now!! I will absolutely not let him off!!

I have to prepare one ticket to hell for him……… fufufu…

First, I visit the Adventurer’s Guild and finish our business .

I secure several tens meters of Evil Viper’s skin and 100kg of its meat and sell the rest to the guild .

When the material such as Bloody Wolves was added, it was a significant sum of money . Even a Platinum coin was mixed in .

I kept half of the money on me and deposited the rest in the guild’s deposit .

Next stop is the Knights branch .

A messenger from the Knight’s came to the Inn yesterday evening telling me to visit the Knights next day . It seems to be about Sajesh .

This is convenient, so I went .

[---And that’s it]

First, Risner-sama reports about the matter .

Sajesh has been punished by two weeks of house arrest and three weeks of being demoted to an apprentice .

It’s much stricter punishment than I thought . Although it’s only three months, it will be probably hard to work as an apprentice .

[That’s all from us . So, Takumi, what’s wrong?]

Because I conveyed to the messenger yesterday that I would like to consult with Wald-sama about something, he asks me immediately after the report is finished .

[Actually……--]

First, I spoke about the problem with the slave trader .

As Allen and Elena are orphans, Wald-sama has guaranteed me last time that I’m their guardian . Therefore, it would be better to get the troubles out of my chest beforehand, right?

I mean, although the slave trader was taken to the station yesterday, there will definitely not be enough evidence . I don’t think he will give up on the children that easily . He will definitely show up again .

And then, I explain what happened with[Gold’s Wheat Shop]and Baron Gilbert .

I ask them about what to do since the opponent is a noble . Well, in this area, I don’t rely on Wald-sama, but Risner-sama instead .

Would it be possible to cooperate? I had such plan .

Well, my intentions to let someone else take care of them .

I mean, this is a case where I have to smash someone up without directly touching them, right? If it would be directly, Allen and Elena would definitely come into contact with those fellows .

I don’t want them to be affected by those fellows anymore . While that may be true, I have no intentions of leaving the twins .

There is no value in leaving the children behind in order to interfere with those fellows .

Therefore---take care of them!

Those fellows! Are definitely! Committing crimes .

Therefore, let’s crush them with a frontal attack!

[I see… if it’s about that, there’s a more suitable person for that than us . Let’s head over there]

Risner-sama who heard the story urges us to move .

[Excuse me]

[Oh? Isaac, huh . What’s the matter? … N? This is?]

[He’s Takumi Kayano-san]

[Oo! You are! I see, I see, I’m glad you came . Please sit down]

We leave Wald-sama’s room, and Risner-sama guides me to a room with a friendly man in his thirties and another man also in his thirties who hadn’t spoken yet .

[Takumi-san . This is the Commander and Commander’s advisor]

[…… I am glad to meet you . I’m Takumi Kayano……]

[Commander is son of Lauren House the feudal lord governing this territoy]

[Derrick Lauren . There are several people of Lauren house in this town, so Derrick is alright]

The destination was the office of the commander of the Knights of Shirin .

The friendly man is Derrick Lauren . He’s the most important person of the Knights of Shirin and the Lauren House’s second son . Because his older brother was assigned to manage the territory, Derrick-sama became a Knight .

The second man is Philip Callan-sama . Commander’s advisor . Not a vice-commander, but he seems to be in charge of administrative work .

Risner-sama has brought me to an incredible place, huh…… tell me beforehand, please .

After the short introductions, I explained my business to the two .

[Fumu, I see . Alright, we will investigate!]

[Eh?]

Derrick-sama takes it in quickly .

It was too unexpected I let out a weird noise .

[Although I have asked you for help, is it alright for you to agree that easily?]

[You took care of my subordinates . Besides……]

When Derrick-sama glances at Callan-sama, Callan-sama clears his throat and starts explaining .

[Information about Baron Gilbert has been reported to the Knights before . He apparently does what he pleases, and reports are coming from here and there, the problems don’t run out]

[There are rumors about that house behaving strangely lately]

[Yes . No special goods are coming from Baron Gilbert which should be covered by taxation, yet he’s lavishly buying various luxurious products . Hearing Takumi-dono’s story, his relation with the slave trader is suspicious]

[A lot of dust is likely to come out when you hit it, huh……]

[Yes . And in large quantities at that……]

Apparently, there are a lot of things Baron Gilbert is guilty of that I don’t know yet .

Nevertheless, Risner-sama and Callan-sama…… they are in a perfect sync…… and their smiles are scary!

[That’s why we are already in the middle of an investigation . We also direct people towards Gilbert’s territory . Since this is an opportunity, let’s us handle your matter too . If we let him do as he pleases in our territory, our reputation will be affected too!]

Ah, un . Derrick-sama also looks quite angry .

Well, I don’t mind leaving it to you so please take care of it .

[Apart from that, about the[Gold Wheat’s Shop]! It’s the store where the new bread started, right? That bread is good! It’s just right to eat when the stomach is empty]

[That’s right . The “Phantom Bread” was especially delicious]

[What!? Isaac, you have eaten the “Phantom Bread”!?]

[Yes]

[Ku~ How! How did you obtain it!! It’s something sold out on days without set dates in few minutes! It’s impossible for someone like us the Knights with duty system to obtain it!!]

A person captivated by the sweet bread is also in here . Risner-sama looks proud to have eaten the Cream Bread……

Although not seemingly interested, Callan-sama also glances between Risner-sama and me . Is he perhaps concerned about the acquisition route of the Cream Bread?

[The reason why Takumi-dono is being concerned about[Gold Wheat’s Shop]affair should convey the only possibility]

[I see! They were given by Takumi!]

[Yes, Takumi-san is the inventor of the Cream Bread]

[What!? Is that true?]

[Hoo~]

[Y, yes…]

Scary!!

Derrick-sama’s and Callan-sama’s eyes look at me as beasts stalking their prey……

[Regarding the “Phantom Bread” although it’s possible to manage somehow, something similar may happen with person in power again, so Takumi-san seems to be troubled]

[Yosh! Lauren House will back you up!]

Back up? Lauren House?

What Risner-sama said is not wrong by any means .

Even if we tidy up this matter and reopen, I think that something similar may happen again . If we have a noble’s support, something like that will not occur ever again .

But, I’m not satisfied when things advance so smoothly……

[If you back us up, the “Phantom Bread”… Cream Bread, was it? You will make it for me, right?]

Uee!? The aim was the Cream Bread!?

Is he perhaps wanting to support us because of that!?

[What are you talking about? Something hard to obtain will become easy to obtain, you know?]

[That’s right . You should do whatever it takes to make hard to obtain things easy to obtain, you know?]

[…… Is that so? Well, if you won’t say to make it when there are no ingredients at hand, that condition seems all right]

For things, you really want[Pay whatever the price], is it something like that? It’s backing this time, though……

[Yosh, then, let’s go now]

[Go? To the[Gold Wheat’s Shop]?]

[Naturally! Now that I will back you up I have to meet the shopkeeper!]

[That’s what you are saying, but in fact, you really just want to eat the Cream Bread, right?]

When Callan-sama points out, Derrick-sama’s shoulder twitch . It seems he was right .

[Commander, you won’t be able to eat the Cream Bread at the moment]

[What!?]

[That’s only given . It takes time to make bread]

Callan-sama has a reasonable opinion, but……

[Ah~…… you may be able to… eat it?]

[Oh?]

I have asked Road-san to make a lot of bread yesterday, after all . Of course, I requested him to make some Cream Bread .

I think it should have been done soon~ Surely .




Chapter 36

I have accompanied Derrick-sama and Risner-sama to the[Gold Wheat’s Shop].

Callan-sama stayed back to gather information. Nothing was said to Wald-sama. Riser-sama said[If he gets to know, he will definitely escape from work to tag along]…… Ah, right.

When we entered the shopping street, Allen and Elena added strength to the hands they were holding me with.

The two watched their surroundings with vigilance. It’s not often that the two who can detect presences unconsciously “look for something” with their own eyes.

There are no “fear” or “hate” emotions on their faces, but that thing from yesterday probably stirred things that are deeply rooted in the innermost depths of their hearts.

I must urgently think of something to divert them from thinking about this……

When we enter the[Gold Wheat’s Shop]the bread has just finished baking as Road-san was just taking it out of the oven.

Un, smells nice~

[Road-san, excuse me for the intrusion]

[Ou Takumi, you have co… me…… eeh!?]

Road-san notices the Knights who have entered behind me and he got so surprised he almost dropped the bread. Then[If you are about to bring big shots, inform me beforehand!]he said.

Ah, yes, I’m sorry. I also thought similarly just a while ago. However, they suddenly wanted to come to the store, so I didn’t have a choice~

[This is the Knight Commander Derrick-sama. He’s the son of the Lauren House]

[W, what!? La, Lauren house!! F, feudal lord’s son!!?]

First, I introduce Derrick-sama and Risner-sama to Road-san. Then, knowing Derrick-sama’s identity, Road-san was very nervous around the feudal lord’s son.

I see, this is the normal reaction……

Somehow, I’m ignorant of social status in Aetherdia. I was originally brought up on Earth where social positions are not so different, but the knowledge about this world implemented in me was with Syl’s specifications, so it makes me lump all “people” together.

Therefore, even when talking to a noble, I don’t feel much obligated.

Well, I think there won’t be any problems if I speak politely, but…… how it really is? There weren’t any problems until now so it’s all right I think?

[Road-san, is the Cream Bread baked yet?]

[O, ou. It’s done……]

[Hou. So this is the Cream Bread~]

[Derrick-sama, please have some]

[Ou, sorry about that. Lemme see……---]

When the finished Cream Bread is finished, Derrick-sama receives it and immediately bites in.

When I asked Risner-sama if he also wants to eat,[Of course, I will have some too]he answered.

[Oo, delicious!!]

Derrick-sama seemed to like the Cream Bread very much and ate it all.

[By the way, what is that? I have not seen this in any store before]

[This is something new Takumi told me to make……]

[What!? New product!]

Derrick-sama quickly finds a new product and stared at it fixedly.

The person who made it, Road-san, probably haven’t even sampled it yet. He seemed very interested but kept his attitude firm in front of Derrick-sama and Risner-sama.

Risner-sama wasn’t staring as Derricks-sama, but he also looked interested.

Actually, I found a red bean that is similar to the adzuki bean1. After immersing that red bean in water overnight, I boiled it in a nectar liquid… gum syrup? No, I boiled it in an even thinner watery sap of trees with sugar and created a red bean paste.

The nectar liquid is even easier to obtain than sugar, I thought Road-san could use that instead, and it turned out well.

I handed the red bean paste to Raod-san and asked him to wrap it just like the Cream Bread and bake it.

It turned out delicious if I say myself. The sweetness is perfect.

After that, we also made bread containing Cyan fruit and bright yellow walnuts called Kuru nuts with millet bread as a base.

[This one is Anpan2. The another one is a millet bread with Cyan fruit and Kuru nuts mixed in]

They have just eaten the Cream bread, but Derrick-sama and Risner-sama immediately ate the new products.

Un. These also received a favorable review.

When I handed half of the Anpan each to Allen and Elena, they ate it deliciously.

There are relatively many people who don’t like red bean paste, but these members seem not to have that problem.

Incidentally, I like both Tsubuan3 and Koshian4. I didn’t make it this time, but I should definitely try making it later.

[Iya~ That was delicious]

The satisfied Derrick-sama asked Road-san 2-3 questions.

And then, because Derrick-sama hasn’t fault any problem with Road-san’s personality, he talked about the backing of[Gold Wheat’s Shop].

Road-san who was bowing[Much grateful]suddenly looked at me and started complaining.

Eh, what, what? You didn’t hear anything about this?

Iya I mean~ this is something that was suddenly decided on. Look~ This thing is good at manipulating noble-samas.

It’s not my fault.

[Well then, we shall return and promptly move to smash that conceited fool~]

This person seriously came just to eat the Cream bread……

Derrick-sama went back satisfied, parting after saying he will send a messenger from Lauren House later to formally arrange things.

Just in case, I give Risner-sama presents to hand them to Callan-sama who looked so envious and Wald-sama who is doing his best at working in the branch.

[Oi, Takumi!!]

[It’s a course of events. I also didn’t think it would end up like this]

Road-san approached me after Derrick-sama and Risner-sama left.

Ah~ I didn’t tell Road-san that Derrick-sama is backing us up because of the Cream bread. Is he perhaps worried about collateral?

I should explain that properly.

◇ ◇ ◇

I was fully concerned about Allen and Elena after throwing all the difficult things aside. I hug them close more than necessary and pat their heads. I’m affectionate to them to their heart’s content.

As a result, Allen’s and Elena’s condition returned almost returned back before meeting the slave trader.

[[Yummy~]]

[Is that so? I’m glad~]

The thing the two are eating now is a fruit jelly.

Of course, I made it.

The ingredient is this.

＝＝＝＝＝

【Slime Jelly】

Slime remains. Squishy object.

Not harmful to the human body, but has no benefits either.

Vulnerable to heat, melts when warmed up.

＝＝＝＝＝

It’s a drop item from the slimes we defeated in the Dungeon of Earth.

There’s a lot, I should make something out of this~ I thought.

It’s called “jelly” and it’s not harmful to the human body so let’s make jelly. I tried making it with such simple thinking.

I heated fruit juice in the pot, melted the slime jelly inside, then I poured it into glasses where it splendidly solidified. The slime jelly played the role of a gelatin wonderfully.

The ratio of two liters of liquid to 1 slime jelly, had a good feeling.

The texture is much more squishy than that of a traditional jelly, but that’s also good!

I tried making it only with fruit juice at first, but I tried making it with various fruit compotes after that. Starting with Ranka fruit’s juice, Riigo fruit’s juice, milk, black tea…… I made it with everything I could think of.

I was so absorbed in the making, that I unnoticeably amassed a mountain of jelly. Ah~… it’s not like it will go bad, there’s no problem since it will become Allen’s and Elena’s snack from now on, right?

After several days of doing that, all the problems in question were put in order.

Iya~ it was quicker than I expected~

An investigation on the Gist Company under the Callan-sama has started, but well~ that slave trader was mistreating his slaves, and his business was suspended right after getting exposed. Then, the house search by the Knights was performed.

It came out, it came out! A Large amount of evidence on backroom deals has been found.

There was also an account book for transactions with Baron Gilbert.

Baron Gilbert apparently used Gist Company for human trafficking. There apparently were many people in the company’s underground cells that weren’t slaves.

That being the case, a shred of evidence against Baron Gilbert was found, and investigations on the House of Baron Gilbert have begun.

The baron seems to have done other backroom deals than human trafficking like camouflaging of branded goods, etc. It appears that documents about the products and contracts were kept carefully in a secret warehouse in the Baron’s basement.

Baron Gilbert seemingly hid his crimes well, but his connections to the Gist Company became apparent. Following on the Gist Company, they were able to pull Baron Gilbert skillfully in and I was invited to the Commander Derrick’s office where I received words of gratitude.

The Gist Company’s slave trader was sent to the mines and Baron Gilbert was sent together with the evidence to the Royal Capital.

Although I expected this, Baron Gilbert will certainly be punished by imprisonment and deprivation of his rank. He apparently may even receive the capital punishment. Furthermore, it seems his family members supported him, so they will be made into crime slaves.

They really are getting what they deserve!

I felt refreshed, and the daily peaceful life returned.



Chapter 37

[With this, we can go on a journey without any worries]

[What!?][Haa!?][N?][Oh?]

In order, Derrick-sama, Wald-sama, Callan-sama, and Risner-sama .

All of them let out silly voices because of my announcement .

Are? Did I not tell them before?

[Takumi, are you leaving Shirin?]

[Yes . I actually wanted to leave earlier, but I was concerned about the matter with Baron Gilbert]

At least, I wanted to resolve the matter with[Gold Wheat’s Shop]before going on a journey .

I think that if the problem were only the slave trader, I would quickly leave the town . It would look like running away, but dealing with fellows like that is troublesome .

I think it was good that all the problems got settled as a result .

[Have you decided on your destination?]

[I thought about going south towards the sea]

[I see… so you are staying in the country…]

When I said that I’m[Going south], the four people made expressions of relief .

Is that it? Do they want to keep human resources in the country?

In a case of emergency, the magnitude of the damage will change depending on the available fighting power . It must be something that Knights must consider at all times .

[The south, is it? Which means, Bailey?]

[Yes, that’s right]

The destination has been pretty much decided on the port Bailey on the Southwest of Guardia .

The season is already a complete summer . It’s all about sea when it comes to summer, right?

I thought about showing the sea to Allen and Elena .

Ordinary people would travel from town to town, and it would take at least a month by carriage to arrive . If that would be the case, summer would already be at its final stage, so I intend to ride Joule and others, that way we can expect to arrive in a few days .

Because of that, there’s no need to hesitate .

[Takumi-san, here]

[A letter? Risner-sama, this is?]

Risner-sama hands me a single letter .

Hearing our destination, Risner-sama borrowed tools from Callan-sama and wrote it on the spot .

[It’s a letter of introduction to the feudal lord of Bailey]

[Eh!?]

To think it was for the feudal lord-sama!?

I inadvertently retracted the hand I was about to receive the letter with .

[Bailey’s feudal lord is my acquaintance . I will contact him so definitely visit him when you arrive in Bailey . I don’t mind if you force him to support bakery, etc . ]

[Eeh!?]

Not “rely on” but “I don’t mind if you force him”…… What are you saying! As expected, something like that is not possible .

Risner-sama continues to present me the letter while grinning .

Ah~ the well-prepared smile…… it’s not something I can go against~

I look around asking for help, but as expected no one wants to help me . If I had to say they have a “receive it” feeling .

I decided to accept it gratefully .

Even so, I have no intention of forcing my troubles on him . Let’s rely on him only when in a difficult situation .

I may ask him to support the bakery, though……

After finishing my business with the Knights, I visited the Adventurer’s Guild, Road-san, and the Inn to say goodbye .

When I said we are leaving, everyone was surprised . We were detained at the Adventurer’s Guild .

Luna-san particularly had a very sorrowful look on her face, she looked like she would start clinging to me at any moment .

It must be because I’m an important supplier of material from Gaya Forest . I feel slightly empty inside that there was no love element involved………

The next morning was an ideal day for the departure .

We departed from Shirin and soon walked off the highway . After confirming that there are no people around, I summoned my Contracted beasts .

[Waffu][Gau][Pii]

The three immediately nestle close to me .

[O~ Yoshyosh]

I could hardly summon the Contracted beasts before . They may be sulky that it took so long to call them .

First of all, I decided to pat them to their heart’s content .

After the three animals had been satisfied to a certain degree, I conveyed the calling matter .

[Joule and Feat will transport us]

[Waffu][Gau]

[Bolt will fly in the sky and keep track of human presences]

[Pii]

As the three replied in acknowledgment, I promptly seated Allen and Elena on Joule and climbed on Feat’s back myself .

I told Joule and Feat to start running along Gaya Forest .

Just in case, I had Bolt to fly up and watch from above .

Like that, it’s less probable to meet people . I can’t help but think that meeting with people would be troublesome .

I imagine riding on S-Rank monsters would make a ruckus . Therefore, just in case .

Sometimes, a monster emerges from within Gaya Forest . Then, Joule and Feat would lower us down and go to defeat it .

Iya~ Our kids are strong . They defeat most of the opponents in a single blow . As expected of S-Rank monsters . How reliable .

Moreover, they return bringing the defeated monsters in their mouths, how considerable .

[[Good child~]]

Allen and Elena praise Joule and Feat who returned from the hunt . Good child, good child, they pat their heads .

Even if Allen and Elena stand on their tiptoes, they are not able to reach Joule’s and Feat’s heads . Because of that, Joule and Feat lower their heads to make it easier .

It’s little clumsy, but a heartwarming scene .

[Waffu][Gau]

[Haa~! Wait a moment!!]

After having their heads patted, this time Joule and Feat tried to lick Allen’s and Elena’s faces back, so I stop them in panic .

[Joule, Feat, don’t lick!! Haven’t you just bite on the Bloody Bear!? Your mouths are bloody!!]

[Waffu!?][Gau!?]

Joule and Feat stiffen with a twitch .

What!? …… they look at me with such expression .

You are really easy to understand, but I can’t help but think you are not beasts……

[Look, I will make you neatly clean so don’t move . 《Washing》]

[Waffu!][Gau!]

[[Ukya~]]

The moment Joule and Feat became clean they started licking Allen’s and Elena’s faces .

Ah, they pushed Allen and Elena down……

O~i . Be careful not to squash them~

Seeing such situation, Bolt cries[Pii]on top of my shoulder . For some reason, it felt like he was saying… good grief .

Because Allen and Elena are having fun I didn’t stop them, just moved closer in case Joule and Feat will start crushing them .

[[Unya~]]

[Waffu~][Gau~]

[Uo!]

While playing with each other, the two children and two animals suddenly charged at me .

It’s okay if it’s just Allen and Elena, but as expected I won’t be able to catch two big animals . In short, I have been pushed down .

Ah, Bolt has evacuated……

The two children and two animals looked with a joyful expression of success .

[You~]

First, I tickle Allen and Elena who fell on me with all my might .

After that, I got up and rubbed Joule’s and Feat’s cheeks .

[[Ukya~]]

[Waffuu~][Gauu~]

Oya? You are happy?

I intended to do that as punishment, but it looks like I was unsuccessful .

But oh~ well .

In the end, we played until all of us were satisfied .




Chapter 38

Because we are not traveling in a hurry, I have decided to go in the Gaya Forest to exercise .

Unlike the last time hunting where Joule and Feat used their claws and fangs, they use magic to kill monsters .

Joule covers the dead bodies around with ice magic《Freeze》into one large lump of ice . Feat uses the wind magic《Float》to make the lump of ice fly and brings it to my side .

Skillful . And clever…… they are learning properly .

When they were fighting at close range, I had no choice but to clean them with my《Washing》 .

Well, it’s alright, though . It’s not magic that consumes much of magical power .

…… It’s just, those fellows won’t get satisfied unless they can lick after each battle…… Well, it makes Allen and Elena happy so…… oh well?

We loiter around the forest and hunt .

Then, before I notice, the children and the Contracted beasts compete at monster hunting .

When a monster is found, all members charge, defeat the monster, bring it to me, get patted by me .

That is the course of events .

Once in a while, Bolt would《Thunderbolt》a monster from the sky the moment he finds it . When that happens, the two children and the other two animals look really vexed .

[Uwa!!]

When they are feeling down because they couldn’t get praised, I pat them with the intention of consoling, and they jump into action again .

You guys, calm down a bit~

As the area became dark, I have decided to leave Gaya Forest for the camp .

Riding on Joule and Feat, we can get out quickly, and the outside of Gaya Forest is safe .

When the camping site is decided, we have the dinner next .

[Allen, Elena . What would you like to eat?]

[[N……… Cream!]]

Because both Allen and Elena love Cream bread, it frequently ends up as their snack of choice .

But, making Cream bread as a dinner menu is a bit…… I would like them to choose something more nutritious .

[N~ Allen, Elena . Cream bread is not good for a dinner…… How about having it tomorrow as breakfast snack?]

[[Ye~s]]

[Let’s see…… How about Oyakodon1? The one with an egg on rice]

[[Will eat~]]

[It’s decided then]

Although it felt like I have incited them, because the two obediently accepted the compromise plan, Oyakodon has been chosen for the dinner .

[Joule, Feat, and Bolt want meat, right? Raw?]

[Waffu~u]

[N? No? Grilled is better?]

[Waffuwaffu]

[I see . Joule wants it grilled . Does Feat also prefer it grilled?]

[Gaun]

[What about Bolt?]

[Piiii]

The Contracted beast fundamentally don’t require feeding . Apparently, when Contracted beasts are supplemented with magical power while in their master’s shadow which restores their energy .

However, because they can eat, they are having a meal together with us like this .

Because of that, I have asked them what they want to eat, but it seems my Contracted beasts like grilled meat better than raw……

Raw meat? They shook their heads when I asked .

Grilled meat tastes better . Looks like they have the same opinion as people .

These children seem to enjoy “food” with a strong taste more .

Grilled meat or Oyakodon, which is better? When asked, all three choose the latter . It seems the same menu as ours is better .

Even if I were going to make just one serving, it wouldn’t be much trouble to make more . Therefore, I have decided to make Oyakodon for six .

Aren’t spring onions bad for felines? Is what I thought, but since there seems to be no problem, I cook the onions and guineafowl with soy sauce and finish it up with half boiled egg .

[Well then, itadakimasu]

[[Itadakima~shu]][Waffu][Gau][Pii]

Un, delicious!

I must say that finishing Oyakodon with a half boiled egg dripping on top of it is delicious .

Allen and Elena also eat while stuffing their mouths with spoons with utmost effort .

I have served the food for Joule and others on a plate to make it easier for them to eat, but Bolt is dexterously using his beak while Joule and Feat stuff their mouths around the plate in their small forms .

Apparently, they can enjoy the taste more while in their small forms .

Well, if they eat in their adult forms, they would eat it in two or three bites after all .

[[Joule]]

[Waffu]

When it was time to sleep, Joule’s stomach became a substitute of the cushion for the three of us . Joule’s fur is soft and comfy……

Today is Joule’s turn, but because it has been decided that the cushion role will alternate, it’s Feat’s turn tomorrow .

I thought it was bad to treat them as cushions at first, but rather it was the other way around .

Joule’s tail was intensively hitting the ground as if saying quickly over here .

Because it doesn’t look like I have to hold back, I lean against Joule while asking Feat and Bolt to stand guard .

That being said, Feat and Bolt are in a resting postures next to us . Every single of my children is sensitive to presences after all . There won’t be any problems .

Ah, the moons…

Aetherdia has three moons . Yellow, blue, and red . Three colored moons rise into the sky .

Which reminds me, this is my first time camping in a place where the sky is clearly visible . Sky can’t be seen from within Gaya Forest, then there was the dungeon .

A night sky after a long time .

Gazing at several moons, I realize again that this is a different world .

Has it been a little over a month since I came to Aetherdia?

So many things happened so fast… I fall asleep while thinking such .

◇ ◇ ◇

I have decided to go to Gaya Forest the next day too .

Allen, Elena, Joule, and others apparently haven’t played sufficiently yet .

We are gathering medicinal plants today .

[There~]

[Many~]

[There really are many……]

Ah~ Demon Spirit Grass .

Maryoku Grass is relatively common, but Demon Spirit Grass should have been a valuable medicinal plant……

Because Gaya Forest itself is a place full of magic, does it grow densely here?

And to find a place where they grow en masse at that……

[Waffu]

This time, Joule seem to have found something .

It’s a Soul Grass…… quite a rare medicinal plant again…… I’m sure it’s used as nostrum .

[Gau]

The next one is Feat, huh . This is Touka Grass .

Because it’s leaves are transparent, it’s quite difficult to find plant……

Nose? Did Feat find it by smell?

[Pii]

Ah, Bolt has found Minsu fruit .

Minsu in fact is a plum-like fruit . It’s bigger than typical plum, it’s very sour, but it’s nutritional value is high, it’s used for medicinal tonics as it has nourishing properties .

There seem to be quite a lot on the tree . Bolt drops it with his beak, and I catch it when it falls .

Nevertheless, aren’t we finding quite a lot rare things in high demands?

[[Ah!]]

Allen and Elena seem to have found something again as they run towards a tree .

Now then, what did they find this time?

Moving while sufficiently playing along the way, we finally saw a sea a week later after leaving Shirin .

It can be said we moved at quite a high pace to arrive in just a week .

[Allen, Elena, that is the sea]

[[Sea~ Big~]]

Allen and Elena gaze at the sea with sparkling eyes .

[[Water, a lot~]]

[That’s right . All of that is a salty water]

[[Delish~?]]

[It’s not tasty? You shouldn’t drink it]

[[Ye~s]]

I had to say it because they would drink the water as soon as arriving at the beach . Like this, they won’t probably drink it .

We immediately stepped onto the beach .

The beach without any man-made objects is quiet with the only roaring of the waves resounding .

While Allen and Elena are playing at the water’s edge---

[That… may I ask if you are Takumi-sama?]

[…… You are?]

Suddenly, I was spoken to by a woman who emerged from the sea .

Umm… why do you know my name?

[I’m Mirena of the mermaid race]

Haa!? Say what!?




Chapter 39

[…… You are?]

[I’m Mirena of the mermaid tribe]

[……!]

Seriously!? A mermaid she says!!

When I appraise her in a rush---

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Mirena

【Race】Mermaid

【Occupation】

【Age】26

【Level】17

【Skills】

Spearmanship | Water Magic

Dismantling | Night Vision | Detection

Swimming | Cultivation

Cooking | Singing

Mental Status Resistance

【Titles】

＝＝＝＝＝

Uwaa~ it’s true . Her race is Mermaid .

This woman is without a doubt a mermaid . Only her upper body is visible, so I can only see an ordinary human woman .

As expected, diving under the sea to confirm would be rude, but does this woman has a tailfin as expected?

It’s a mermaid! I want to confirm right away, but patience . Patience……

[Why do you know about me?]

[I was informed about you by Water God’s retainer-sama]

Haa? From Water God’s retainer-sama?

First, I confirmed how does the mermaid woman know about me, but an unexpected answer has come back .

…… Just what is going on?

[Come again, the Water God’s retainer-sama has……]

[I have been advised that you would be able to solve a problem we are facing . Takumi-sama, could I request your assistance, please? ]

What’s with that…… just what did the Water God’s retainer-sama say to these people?

In addition to that, Mirena-sam must have been informed beforehand that we will come here .

[Umm…… an assistance you say……]

[For the details, we have to go to our village . Could we move there first?]

Mirena-san asks while deeply bowing her head .

If you ask me like that, there’s no way I could reject, but……

[No, no, wait a moment . Your village is definitely under the sea, right? Even if we can swim, we won’t be able to go there]

Because we won’t be able to breathe .

Rather, in the first place, can I swim? In the past…… of course, I could swim!

Well, I know the method of swimming itself so if it’s the present body I feel like I could do it . My motor nerves have exceptionally improved after all .

Regarding Allen and Elena, I think that they would immediately master swimming if shown . We are talking about those two after all……

But, even if they were able to swim, as expected it would not be possible for them to breathe underwater . No…… I have a feeling that they would be able to stay underwater for quite a lot of time because of an outrageous lung capacity……

But even that would not allow us to stay underwater for a longer period of time .

[I am prepared in regard of that]

[………?]

[…… Please wait for a moment]

When I was lost in my thoughts, Mirena-san takes something out and presents it to me .

U~n…… what’s that?

Silver… I wonder? I can see a looped string-like thing sitting in Mirena-san’s palm, but…… I don’t know what that is .

Because we are at the water’s edge and Mirena-san in the sea, there’s a subtle distance between us .

When I tilt my head, Mirena-san lets the thing in her hand float on the sea’s surface . It gets jolted by the waves and slowly drifts to us little by little .

It didn’t feel like the waves were natural, was it manipulated by Water magic?

When I pick up the floating thing, it was a bracelet . With an engraved thin curious pattern . It feels hard on touch, but it’s not a mineral? What is it?

I thought it was silver, but it looks iridescent because of the reflections . A mysterious color .

I couldn’t figure anything out just by looking so I appraise it straight away .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Mermaid Bracelet】

A bracelet made with the scales of a mermaid .

A magic tool that allows breathing under water .

In addition, it wraps entire body in a thin film, preventing clothes from getting wet .

＝＝＝＝＝

Oo, a fantastic magic tool has appeared .

Certainly, with something like this, there won’t be any problems with breathing .

I had a feeling it’s not made from minerals like iron or gold, but the material were actually scales of a mermaid! Indeed, I didn’t expect that .

The mysterious color is related to mermaid scales . It’s convincing then .

[We will certainly be all right with this]

[Then!?]

A delightful expression floats on Mirena-san’s face .

[I would like to see the Mermaid village, so I don’t mind going, but…… I may not be able to resolve your problem, you know?]

[That does not matter! Please come by all means!]

I’m not sure I can help because I didn’t hear the details .

Should I have asked first? But, she told she would explain in detail in the village so……

But, the Water God’s retainer-sama gave a seal of approval, so it’s probably not something too difficult . And even if I’m not successful, looking at Mirena-san’s reaction, I won’t get blamed either .

Following in itself is an introduction to the Water God’s retainer-sama . A person(?) who is worried about Allen and Elena . They wouldn’t let the twins approach something dangerous . There shouldn’t be any problem .

[Then, I will borrow this bracelet]

[No, I offer that to you . Please think of it as a fee for going to the village . Of course, if you have problem with that, we will prepare a different remuneration in the village]

[No, no, this is something precious, right!?]

[There are people engaged in magic tools in the village, so quite a number of them exist . To begin with, this magic tool is necessary in order to enter the village, so please accept it without reservation]

I thought it’s a valuable magic tool, but this bracelet apparently isn’t that valuable to the mermaids .

Because the material is the scales of mermaids, they probably don’t lack materials to make it……

Well, that . If she says to take it, I will take it .

I retrieve Joule and others who were guarding around the sandy beach to my shadow and put on the bracelets on Allen’s and Elena’s arms . Then, I put one on myself, hold the two’s hands and enter the sea .

When the depth of water reached my shin, I tried raising my leg from the water .

Oo, it really didn’t get wet . This is incredible!

My clothes and boots are totally dry . I’m deeply moved by the performance of this magic tool .

It allows breathing underwater, but there are no problems yet, so it’s possible to use it on the surface too? If I put it on a rainy day, I won’t get wet?

It looks like this magic tool can be used for something it wasn’t originally made for . I obtained something good~

When we reached a certain depth, I timidly tried to dive in a while holding Allen’s and Elena’s hands .

[!]

Iya~ how exciting~

Even though I know that I can breathe without problems, I can’t help it but be nervous about the first breath, right?

[Is everything all right?]

[Y, yes . Everything’s fine]

Breathing aside, talking underwater is also a strange feeling .

However, it’s so amusing!

My heart is throbbing experiencing something I never did before .

Allen and Elena also seem to be enjoying themselves underwater .

Breathing is alright, the next one would be swimming… . .

[Ah~ … Allen, Elena… are you okay?]

[[Fun~]]

[I see……]

Un, there doesn’t seem to be a problem .

When I release their hands, the two are normally swimming .

I knew . This development is exactly as I imagined!

Still, isn’t this too fast!? They are already… smoothly swimming, you know!!

Ah~ Since the two are alright, I will try to swim too .

I position my body horizontally, extend my arms and flap with my legs .

Breaststroke? Crawl? I somehow know the form, but I never have done it before, though!

From time to time, I move my hands to paddle the water and move forward .

Oo, is this okay? I am swimming properly…… I think .

Umm…… like this? Then, like this…… oo? I am swimming?!

I tried breaststroke for a trial, I was able to do it . I wasn’t able to do it in the slightest in the past…… I’m a bit happy .

Ah! Right, the mermaid!

I was too absorbed in trying to swim so I did not check the thing about Mirena-san .

When I look at Mirena-san again, it was the same as the illustrations that appear in fantasy novels and manga, the upper body of a woman in a bikini and the lower body of a fish .

The scales of the lower part of body went from light red to dark red, it gets darker as you go from the waist to the tailfin, a beautiful gradation .

[Ah~… I have kept you waiting . Everything’s fine now]

Crap . While observing in a trance, my eyes matched Mirena-san’s .

Mirena-san was quietly watching over us while we were learning to swim…… she’s smiling for some reason……

I approached Mirena-san and told her that everything is fine now and we can move .

[I understand . Then, let’s depart]

[Ah, yes . Allen, Elena . Let’s go~]

[[Ye~s]]

We start swimming after Mirena-san who is guiding us to her village .




Chapter 40

[Allen, Elena, you alright~?]

[[Al~right]]

[Don’t get too far away, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

Although unfamiliar to swimming, Allen and Elena keep on swimming without any problems .

Moreover, they can swim at such speed I thought they had a propeller attached .

A world record is not a problem .

There is a big difference between them and myself who is still swimming somewhat awkwardly . I should get quickly used to it……

[Mirena-san, what kind of monsters are around here?]

[The monster around here are mainly Sand Crabs and Bomb Shelters, they are not that strong . When we get a little bit deeper, more powerful monsters will appear, but…… the most troublesome among them would be probably the Giant Killer Shark]

Giant Killer Shark… a C-Rank monster .

Although it’s C-Rank, will it be okay since we are not used to the underwater combat?

[Ah, that’s Hammerfish]

While speaking about monsters that appear in the vicinity, it appeared at once .

Hammerfish is an E-Rank monster .

A monster of Bluefin tuna size with the point of its head shaped like a hammer . It’s not that dangerous monster if you pay attention to its head which it uses as a blunt weapon .

[[Yaa!]]

Ah, Allen and Elena swim at superspeed and kick it .

Un, that’s an instant death .

It seems that being underwater doesn’t hinder Allen and Elena one bit . Rather, I feel like their attack power and speed is better than on the surface .

If one is a relative of the Water God, is the underwater combat his specialty?

[Onii~ chan]

[Fish~]

[Thank you]

Allen and Elena return with the Hammerfish by holding it by its hammer part .

[[Ah]]

After the two hand me the Hammerfish, they notice a monster again .

N~ The one who appeared seems to be the Sand Crab .

It’s about 6~70cm tall counting its shell . It will be even taller if it extends its legs, though .

[Weird~!]

[Kita~!]

Until now, their opponents were only animal and insect type monsters, so seeing fish and crustacean type monsters for the first time gets Allen and Elena in high spirits .

[Be careful of the claws . Don’t get hurt okay~]

[[Ye~s]]

I remind the two who swam towards the crab right after discovering it to be careful .

It would be dangerous if they get caught by the crab’s claws…… --Is what I thought, but it looks like I didn’t have to worry .

The two quickly defeat the Sand Crab and return while each holding one of its claws .

[[This, what is it~?]]

[Sand Crab . It’s a crab]

[[Crab~?]]

[It’s delicious when boiled . Would you like to eat it next time?]

[[Will eat~!]]

Sand Crab’s raw meat itself is gritty, but it seems to be delicious when heated .

It’s alright to eat it as is, but when it comes to crab, it’s a Kani Nabe1 after all! It’s out of season, but it doesn’t matter, right?

Let’s make it immediately once we return to the surface!

After that, Allen and Elena crisply defeated all monsters which appeared .

Mirena-san who saw Allen and Elena defeat the monsters one by one says in amazement with her eyes blinking .

[……… They are strong, aren’t they?……]

[Hahaha~……]

Un, I tried to laugh it off for the time being .

◇ ◇ ◇

About two hours after diving into the sea .

[Wha!?]

[Welcome and thank you for coming . This is our village]

Suddenly, something like a blue crystal appeared in front of me . The size is of a small mountain .

Even though the scenery was just a mere seascape until a while ago…… Which reminds me, I just passed through something like a thin membrane .

Camouflage? Some kind of an illusion barrier?

[What have we passed through just now?]

[You have noticed? It’s as you guess . An illusion that makes it look like nothing is there and a barrier which prevents monsters to invade . Two barriers are set up here]

[Since we have entered it means that humans are able to enter?]

[Even if it’s humans, they won’t be able to enter . It’s possible to enter only if they go together just like us]

I see . If Mirena-san weren’t with us, we wouldn’t be able to pass through the barrier .

Nevertheless, just what is this crystal like thing……

＝＝＝＝＝

【Sea Crystal】

A crystal that the sea itself crystallized into .

Conceals the power of the sea .

＝＝＝＝＝

[…… Sea Crystal?]

[Yes, that’s right . Because this is the Blue Sea, we all it the Blue Waters Shrine]

Because I see people coming in and out of the Sea Crystal, the crystal itself must be the residence…… It’s probably something like the Mermaid Castle .

The semitransparent blue crystal has the appearances of a simple castle . If I had to say, the blue crystal looks more like a mountain than a castle .

However, it has very magical, overwhelming aura .

Blue Waters Shrine…… This can only be called “sugoi . ”

[Sparkly~]

[Pretty~]

[Yeah . It’s very pretty]

[Fufufu . Thank you very much . I will guide you inside later, but could you follow me to the back of the Blue Waters Shrine first, please?]

[Ah, yes]

After a while of gazing at the Blue Waters Shrine, Mirena-san guided us to the back of the Blue Waters Shrine .

There is a rock face in the back, behind the Blue Waters Shrine, but---

[I would like you to do something about this]

[A ship?]

There is a fairly large ship at the place where Mirena-san guides us to .

It beautifully sunk between the rock face and the rear of the Blue Waters Shrine .

[There is an entrance to the cave where we raise corals, but as you can see it has been blocked by this ship . The people of the village gathered to do something about it before, but we weren’t able to move it even an inch…… While greatly perplexed what to do, the Blue Waters Shrine’s lord, Miko Himesama received an oracle]

The ship fell exactly right between .

There are almost no gaps between the rock face and the rear of the Blue Waters Shrine .

If the ship was a slightly bigger it wouldn’t block the entrance and if it was slightly smaller, the mermaids would be able to move it themselves .

Iya~ It fits in perfectly .

Indeed, it’s possible for me to remove it . After all, I just have to put it in the《Infinite Storage》 .

[I can remove this immediately]

I approach the sunken ship and store it in the《Infinite Storage》 .

When I confirm the《Infinite Storage》list, the sunken ship (Dietlinde model) was properly showing up .

The Dietlinde model seems to be a cargo ship as many barrels, and wooden boxes were collected together .

Well, I would have to check the boxes one by one as I don’t know what’s inside .

What to do with this? It’s sunk into the sea, and the boxes are soaked wet .

It depends on the objects, but I expect most of them being ruined .

What should I do if it’s food?

It wouldn’t be spoiled, but it would definitely be in a totally terrible condition…… I don’t want to check the contents……

U~n…… for the time being, let’s leave it like that .

Nevertheless, as there were no dead bodies, the sailors must have been able to escape before the ship sunk .

As expected, I would feel awkward carrying people’s corpses in the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Is it all right like this?]

Uwa!

When I turned around, other mermaids gathered beside Mirena-san before I noticed .

[Thank you very much!]

[It’s nothing, rather than that, shouldn’t you take a look at the coral?]

[That’s right]

I see a cave entrance in the rock face, that must be it .

Mirena-san gives instructions to the other mermaids in a hurry and several people enter the cave .

[Is that coral an important coral?]

[Yes . It’s used as material in various medicines . Especially us, mermaids, need a specific medicine to cure illness, therefore we can’t afford to lose that coral]

That is very important then .

I’m certain that corals…… inhabit only places with clear water?

I don’t know when the ship sunk, I hope it didn’t wither away……

[Fortunately, not much time passed since the ship sunk, so there wasn’t much damage done . You have really saved us]

[Is that so? I’m glad I could be of help]

Unexpectedly, the ship seems to have sunk only a few days ago .

Although I wouldn’t be blamed, I would not be able to bear it if the coral got destroyed .

[Well then, Miko Himesama is waiting, let me guide you there]

Next is the meeting with Himesama, huh~ She said the Lord of the Blue Water Shrine, right?

Now then, what kind of person is she?




Chapter 41

The atmosphere in the Blue Waters Shrine overflows with “harmony . ”

Magic tools shaped as lanterns are illuminating the path, the grid windows, and the bridge railing gives off a feeling of the old capital, Kyoto .

[Miko Himesama, I have brought Takumi-sama, Allen-sama, and Elena-sama]

[Please, enter]

We were guided to the most inner part of the Blue Waters Shrine where the Miko Himesama is .

There is a light-blue haired girl in her teens and an elderly man inside the spacious room .

Is this girl the Miko Himesama?

The gracefully smiling girl is wearing a celestial kimono, emitting an aura of a young princess .

[Takumi-sama, Allen-sama, Elena-sama . Welcome]

[Umm…… Thank you very much for inviting us?]

[Fufufu . Please, do not be so stiff . Rather, we are the ones who should show respect to you]

[Eh!?]

Wait a moment! What do you mean?

I got startled by Miko Himesama’s words .

Miko Himesama is a great person in the Mermaid Tribe, right? Why should a person like that show respect to me?

[I have heard that Takumi-sama is a benefactor of the Water God’s Retainer-sama]

[Miko Himesama, thanks to Takumi-sama, our problem have also been solved . I have other people checking the coral right at this moment]

[I am really glad . Then, Takumi-sama is our benefactor, is he not?]

[That’s right]

[No, that’s a little……]

Hey, Water God’s Retainer-sama~ What kind of nonsense have you told them~~

Just how much have you told them? Surely, you didn’t expose my true identity, did you!?

[Err… I don’t know what you were told, but if you know that……]

[Please, do not worry . Only the three of us here know about the Oracle I have received . Naturally, we will not reveal it]

[Thank you very much . Incidentally, what were you told……]

Just in case, I ask how much they know……

[I have heard that Takumi-sama is a person of principles and very kind person]

[……… Please, give me a break]

Is she talking about me!?

Just what have you told them~~ Please stop iiit~

[Fufu . You are exactly as Retainer-sama said]

…………

I’m troubled…… I’m worried about what the Water God’s Retainer-sama told Miko Himesama, but I have a feeling that I don’t want to know……

[Miko Himesama, Takumi-sama is troubled]

[Ara, Gard . I am just telling the truth, there is no reason for Takumi-sama to be troubled]

[Then, you wouldn’t mind if I tell him on the day of the first meeting with Miko Himesama[That I know Miko Himesama very well . She’s quite the tomboy]would you?]

The elderly man next to Miko Himesama stops her .

On the contrary to my expectations of Miko Himesama being a secluded Ojousama, it seems she’s quite the tomboyish child…… Her appearances don’t match her personality .

[…… Iya . Takumi-sama, please forgive us]

[No worries……]

[Right, right, I have not introduced you to Takumi-sama yet, did I? He is Gard, the Chief managing the mermaids living here]

[I’m the Chief, Gard . Thank you very much for today]

The man is apparently the Chief of mermaids . He’s very good-natured-ish looking old man .

[Chief, is it? I heard that the Miko Himesama is the Lord of Blue Waters Shrine, is Chief something different?]

[Yes . I am indeed the Lord of the Blue Waters Shrine, but Miko Hime the so-called honorary position . The person with the most affinity with the God takes the place generation after generation . There’s a different one for each clan]

Actually, there is no way to know the affinity with the God, so abilities, etc . are unrelated . Miko Hime is a symbolic existence, a woman elected by the clan to become a holy individual .

Miko Himesama mutters[I did not really want to do it because it is too stiff…]in a small voice .

If a tomboyish girl is her true nature, the current appearances of a graceful Miko Hime is an act .

She must have it tough .

[…… Being Miko Himesama must be tough, huh?]

[Fufufu . That is right]

It seems she heard the words I unconsciously muttered .

Miko Himesama agrees with a laugh .

[Right, right . We have to present the reward to Takumi-sama]

[Ah, that! In that case, wouldn’t you teach us the way of using water magic?]

Talking about the reward, I asked about what was on my mind .

Right . I want to learn water magic .

Mermaids living underwater would know a thing or two about water magic, right?

[Water magic, is it? Certainly, most of the Mermaids can use it, but……]

[We possess the【Water Magic】skill, but I’m troubled because I can’t use it well . The children have never used magic before……]

In fact, when we moved through the sea, I tried using the water magic, but it didn’t go well .

I tried shooting the low level《Water Ball》, but it had no power . Besha, just about a fistful of water spurted out .

Because I myself can’t use it, I am not able to teach it to Allen and Elena .

[If that is the case, there is no problem . I will introduce you to a user who excels at teaching! However, the reward is separate]

[No, just teaching us is enough]

Even though I solved their problem, I just put the ship into the《Infinite Storage》 .

I would be grateful for just being able to learn water magic .

[No, I request you to accept it . Although I said reward, it is something unnecessary for us…… Would you please look at it first?]

……… N? Unnecessary?

What does she mean?

Saying, please look at the goods first, Mirena-san guides us to the place where the reward is .

◇ ◇ ◇

[This way, please]

[This is?]

The place I was guided to is a cave in the rock face in the rear of the Blue Waters Shrine . Inside the cave, there was a spacious room with a lot of things were piled up .

Seaweed in a shell?

Fish bones with some kind of stones?

There really was a lot of things . Moreover, a considerably large quantity of each .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Bracka seaweed】

A medicinal plant inhabiting deep seas .

Because it has an effect of lowering temperature, it’s used as a material for antipyretic and salves for burns treatment .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Bone of Giant Shark】

Hard, but light bone .

Utilized as material for weapons .

＝＝＝＝＝

After appraising it, every seaweed and shells were materials for medicine . The bones can be used for making weapons .

[Everything has quite a value, you know?]

And yet they say that everything in here is part of the reward .

[This~]

[Wha~t?]

[Eh? Pearl!? Huge!]

Allen and Elena brought a golf ball-sized pearl . Looking carefully, a great amount of various sized pearls were rolling on the ground beside the two .

Not only big ones but also normal sized pearls that could be used to make necklaces . And they are just gorogoro on the floor .

White and black, purple, pink, yellow…… various colors .

This is my first time seeing so many pearls .

[To tell you the truth, this place is our garbage dump…]

Haa!? Garbage dump?

This all, are you saying this all is a garbage!?

[When we pick something that sunk around the Blue Waters Shrine or the ocean floor, we put it here]

[Everything!? I mean, this is a pearl, you know?]

[That’s a stone that comes from the edible shells, isn’t it? The big ones come from Big Shells, but…… Either of them is not a magic stone, you know?]

[Pearl is a kind of a gem, you know?]

[Is that so? I like gems too, but I like the more sparkling and transparent ones better?]

[………]

Ofu…… these people recognize pearls that come out of shells as stones .

I see, I see now……

Are? To the people of Aetherdia…… it’s a gem, right? Without a doubt .

[It’s as Retainer-sama said then, although it has no worth to us, it seems it’s attractive stone to humans]

That’s right . I’m really startled by your different sense of value .

[As you can see the place has become full…… Although we think it’s rude to give something unnecessary to us as reward, we would be much grateful if you received it……]

[………]

I have no words to say anymore .

Allen, Elena . Do you like that pearl? It seems we can take it, so I will .




Chapter 42


In the end, I have decided to accept the various items in the cave that were presented to me as a reward .

Still, to consider those things a garbage……

I was in shock after looking at the《Infinite Storage》item list……

Tens kinds of seaweed and shells used as medicine materials . Even if the shell couldn’t be used for medicine, it could be used as an ornament for accessories .

Fish bones, scales, and carapaces that could be processed into arms and tools . There were also some stone-like materials, but those are actually natural stones .

There were some scratches ones, but there was quite a lot of pearls~

Only a few percent of the garbage was[Unusable] .

Despite receiving a significant amount of rewards, we would also receive magic guidance .

The mermaids took it as if we had disposed of their garbage, it seems they gladly accepted to teach us magic .

We have stayed a night at the Blue Waters Shrine that day, and it has been decided that we will get instructed in the water magic tomorrow .

Tomorrow .

We have come offshore to receive the instructions .

Because we have a lot of magical powers, after all . We have decided to receive the instructions far away from the Blue Waters Shrine in case we make a mistake .

And surprisingly, the one who is going to instruct us is the Chief of Mermaids, Gard-san himself! Gard-san came personally .

Gard-san apparently a person who teaches many mermaid children and it seems that even Miko Himesama learned magic under him .

An ideal person to instruct us .

Gard-san starts teaching us immediately once we got above the surface .

[First of all, there are two ways to exercise magic . That is to manipulate and produce . I have heard that Takumi-sama is able to use wind magic . When you are using magic on the surface, that is manipulating . Earth magic is the same . But, water magic and fire magic have to be produced first . Let’s assume first that you are using water magic in a waterless location]

I received guidance first, but…… I see~

So it’s because I tried to use water magic the same way I use wind magic . The power was low because of that .

[Therefore, if you don’t produce it first, Takumi-sama will end up using water magic with the wind magic method]

A precise identification of the problem .

I explained my circumstances to Gard-san yesterday so he could estimate why I am not able to use it .

[Conversely, trying to use wind magic underwater would not work well, would it?][Yes, that’s right]

It became really simple after hearing the reason .

Well, right . I’m using wind magic in places where the wind drifts and water magic in places with no water . The amount of necessary magical power is different .

When I used water magic the last time, a fist-sized water besha… only a little came out .

[《Water Pillar》]

I try to cast a spell as a test and a pillar of water shoots out of the sea .

Un, it’s possible to use water magic in places with water just like the wind magic .

[Magnificent . If Takumi-sama keeps in mind the producing step while on the surface, you shouldn’t have any problems with water magic]

[Yes, let’s see . Since I have grasped the trick, I will give it a try on the ground later]

Because there is water nearby .

Once we return to the ground, let’s find a waterless place and practice .

Since my problem was settled, it’s Allen’s and Elena’s turn next .

[I have heard that Allen-sama and Elena-sama haven’t used magic yet . Therefore, I have decided to tell them about the flow of magical power first]

[By all means . Allen, Elena, come here]

[I will borrow your hands . I will pour my magical power now]

Gard-san takes Allen’s and Elena’s hands and sends in his magical power .

I see . You can pour your magical power into your partner to let him become aware of magical power……

[Can you understand it?]

[[Warm~?]]

[It seems to be all right, then? That is magical power]

Magical power is warm .

Allen and Elena immediately perceived the magical power .

[[Magical power~?]]

[Yes, that’s right . That is the source of magic . There is also magical power within yourselves . Are you able to perceive that?]

[[U~n?]]

[Allen, Elena . Try searching for the warm inside your bodies]

[[Un]]

Allen and Elena close their eyes and begin searching for the magical power .

Because magical power circulates through the whole body just like blood, so it’s essential to feel the flow .

I also stealthily feel for the magical power circulation .

…… Because magic was inserted in my body, the feeling of magical power is…… there’s practically nothing .

When I searched for it, I was unexpectedly able to feel it .

So this is magical power…… Un, it’s okay . I’m glad I am able to perceive it .

[Warm thing]

[Found~]

It seems that Allen and Elena too were able to perceive magical power immediately .

[Looks like you have perceived it-- This will be a practice to control the magical power flow from now on . If the magical power is low, water won’t take shape, and on the contrary, if the amount of magical power is too high, the water burst out . Well then, Allen-sama, Elena-sama . Shall we give it a try?]

When Gard-san pours magical power into the ocean water he has scooped with his both hands, the water starts changing a shape little by little . This is apparently a practice in order to find the necessary amount of magical power to use .

Right . When using magic, using just the right amount of magical power is essential .

If you don’t, you will end up like me when I fought the Evil Viper……

[[Done~]]

[Allen, Elena . You are amazing for being able to do it on your first try~]

[[Ehehe~]]

When Allen and Elena began to pour magical power in the seawater scooped by their both hands, a round water ball appeared immediately on their hands .

Because they raised the balls as to show me their achievement, I stroke their heads while praising them .

[As expected~ It’s quite difficult to get the hang of it, but being able to do it right away……]

[Does it usually take time?]

[Even the most able children in the village take roughly half a day to produce a precise rounded shape . It can take even several days for unskilled children]

Un, hearing that it becomes clear that Allen and Elena are geniuses .

My kids are so amazing~

[Then, let’s attempt casting《Water Ball》next . It would be better for Takumi-sama to show an example . May I ask you to target that rock?]

[Understood……《Water Ball》]

The practical use of magical power seems to be next .

Although an example,[Can I do it?]flashed through my mind for a moment, I’m glad I was able to do it……

Even if I could predict that I would be able to do it, I was worried about what to do if I failed .

[[《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

Seeing me, Allen and Elena immediately follow and cast《Water Ball》too . A grand success, two water balls the size of a tennis ball fly towards the rock .

[[Done~]]

[Amazing, amazing! You two are so good~]

[So easily……]

In the end, all basics were taught in a few hours .

Because they were able to learn magic so quickly, Gard-san had a bitter smile . Normally, you wouldn’t be able to master magic in a day after all .

Well~ but it’s Allen and Elena after all . That must be it .

Gard-san returned to the Blue Water Shrine, and we have deiced to practice magic for a little bit more . See, getting used to magic is important .

I also wanted to teach Allen and Elena some beginners magic .

Perhaps《Water Arrow》or《Water Wall》?

I won’t teach them any big moves! It would be troublesome if they used it in a public . That is my role!

I also must tell them not to use it without permission . If I don’t, they might see someone use magic and start using it themselves .

[[!!!!]]

[What? What is wrong?]

While thinking about magic, Allen and Elena suddenly clung up to me .

Since I wasn’t paying attention to the surroundings, I wanted to use【Detection】to figure out what’s going on, but before I could do that, the sea started shaking .

[Uwa!!]

And then, something emerged from the sea while splashing water around .

I embrace Allen and Elena tightly, gulp while watching the high waves and appraise without delay .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】

【Race】Leviathan

【Occupation】

【Age】？？？

【Level】？？？

【Skills】

？？？ ？？？

？？ ？？ ？？

？？？？ ？？

？？ ？？ ？？？

？？？？？？ ？？？？？？

？？？？？？ ？？？？？？

【Titles】

？？？？？

＝＝＝＝＝

Haa!? Leviathan!?

Moreover, the contents of its status are invisible .




Chapter 43

What appeared looks like a multi-floor building or a tower…… No, is Leviathan a dragon?

--Ha, just by being there, I feel its overpowering intimidation . It’s clearly a superior existence .

…… Will it attack… us?

As expected, I wouldn’t want to get attacked by an S-rank monster .

Allen and Elena are not preparing to fight, so it’s probably not hostile .

However, the two are clinging to me as if they have understood something .

《Fumu . I thought I sensed a different presence, so it was the Wind God-sama’s retainer……》

[Wha!?]

I, it spoke!?

Moreover, it felt like it was talking directly in my head, rather than hearing with my ears .

Also, how did I get exposed!?

《What are you surprised about? I can use appraisal . You can use it too, right?》

[Iya…… I certainly can, but most of it wasn’t visible]

I see . This Leviathan has an appraisal…… so it even took a look at my status .

《Fumu . How about now? Try looking one more time》

As told, I use appraisal again .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】

【Race】Leviathan［Water God’s retainer］

【Occupation】

【Age】863

【Level】123

【Skills】

Water Magic? ???

Swimming ?? Appraisal

Presence Detection ??

God? Telepathy ???

Physical Attack??? Magic?? Shock Resistance

Uncommon Body?? Mental Status Resistance

Conqueror of the seas

＝＝＝＝＝

Are? There are some things here and there that I can’t see, but I can see a lot more than a little while ago……

First, what is this about the Water God’s retainer? Syl~ Haven’t you told me that there are no other retainers on the surface beside me~

Over 800 years old…… astonishing……

I think it’s a male if I go by the sound of its voice, but I should not be assuming that .

And above all, the level! Its level has three digits!

The strongest individuals among humans should be around 50~60 level . And yet, the Leviathan is level 123…… Double the level .

And the conversation can be held thanks to the【Telepathy】skill?

How convenient . If I had this, I could probably talk to Joule and others .

…… Conqueror of the seas . There’s nothing I can say about that……

The hell is this status…… it’s dangerous .

《How is it?》

[…… It’s not all, but I can see it now . But, how?]

《That’s because I loosened the magical power coat my body was wrapped in》

[Magical power coat?]

《Umu . Living creatures unconsciously cover their bodies in magical power . They do it, no matter how weak they are . And the coat becomes thicker with the amount of magical power one possesses . My magical power is larger than yours . Therefore, you couldn’t see . Then, I intentionally weakened the magical power coat . That’s why you were able to appraise me this time》

I see…… Even if my magical power is high, the difference in levels will only add to the difference between our magical powers .

Therefore, I couldn’t see it .

That means, even if a person has【Appraisal】skill, I won’t have to worry that much about mine and the children’s status being exposed?

Even the strong ones should have less magical power than us . If that’s the case, we have to be careful of the races with great magical power like elves and demons .

Well, no matter in wich race, 【Appraisal】skill is rare, and people who possess them are scarce, so I don’t have to be that careful, though . We just bumped into Leviathan this time……

《Has your pondering finished?》

[Ah, yes! So, that…… you1? are also a retainer?]

I tried to address it, but I remembered that this Leviathan does not have a name .

I was worried for a moment, but ‘you’ should be safe, right?

《Yes, are you unsure about how to address me? I do not have a name after all . You may call me as you want . Fumu… I won’t mind letting you name me》

No, no . I wasn’t thinking for so long about how to call you, but about magical power and【Appraisal】 .

Why it became a talk about naming!?

This, for now……… let’s ignore it?

[…… I didn’t know there was a retainer on the surface]

《There are not many, but there are . However, all of us, including myself, spend time by ourselves in remote areas》

Ah, there are more retainers .

《Anyway, so the Water God-sama’s children are the children from that time》

[You know of these children? They are Water God-sama’s children as expected……]

As I have expected, Allen and Elena are the Water God-sama’s children .

The two’s secret identities were revealed just like that .

《Mu? You didn’t know?》

[I have somehow expected it, but I’m the Wind God-sama’s person, so I wasn’t told in detail . It concerned a stipulation between the gods or something]

《Ah, it would be like that at that person’s place》

[You know about it?]

《I’m sure you could see from my status, but I’m someone who is connected to the Water God-sama . I get information . Besides, the children were born…… about a year ago? I was asked to protect the children》

No…… it has been five years since Allen and Elena were born…… would it be better to not tsukkomi here?

Once you live for 800 years, your sense of time may become rough……

[…… They weren’t protected, though]

《Fumu . It’s due to my refusal》

[Eh!?]

《Entering the country to protect the children would cause ruckuss, after all》

Ah, certainly .

Leaving aside if Leviathan were alright after leaving the sea, it would get noisy if it appeared on the land……

《Even if I safely protected them, I wouldn’t be able to raise human children . The children’s state wouldn’t change by much even if I protected them . Therefore, I chose the option which would cause less damage》

As a matter of fact, I can agree .

The town would get destroyed if he decided to protect them…… just imagining it is scary .

Besides, this Leviathan certainly wouldn’t be able to raise the two who were infants at that time . It would crush them if it made a mistake in handling .

《It must be a fate for us to meet here . I shall lend you my power when you are in trouble》

[Are? I thought that retainers are not allowed to help?]

Syl couldn’t lend a hand, and the Water God-sama’s retainers were the same .

《That’s the story in that person’s place . I’m originally from the surface . There are no restrictions for retainers who come from the surface》

[Was it like that……]

I had confirmed it when I decided to look after Allen and Elena, but I have thought to be out of the condition because I come from a different world .

But, it seems like that wasn’t the case .

The people at the Holy Sanctuary apparently have different conditions than on those on the surface……

Then, if Leviathan was no good, he surely asked other retainers to take care of Allen and Elena…… he did not…… definitely .

Come to think of it, I was told that they all live in remote places……

Are perhaps other retainers on the surface similar to Leviathan?

Ah~… it would be impossible then .

《Now then, have you decided on my name? That will become our provisional contract》

[Eh? Na, name? Contract?]

Name…… it was serious about it?

《Umu . Not a complete master and servant contract, but connected by fate contract . It will be established when you name me . Thus, you will be able to summon me . Well, it depends on my consent, though》

Not like Joule, Feat, and Vol who I can summon whatever they like it or not, but a consent of the partner’s will is necessary .

Even if it’s like that, Leviathan will become an enormous ally . I could win even against a country .

I don’t have any plans on fighting them, though .

The other party proposed it, so there’s no problem if I accept?

It’s well-informed, so I feel he could become a reliable retainer senpai .

Then, a name . Let’s see……

[I will ask just in case, but you are a male, right?]

《N? I have no gender . But, if I had to choose then I would choose male》

[Then, how about Kaiser?]

《Umu, good . My name is Kaiser》

The moment he recited the name, a magic circle appeared on the sea’s surface around Kaiser .

《It was safely established . From now on, I’m Kaiser . Call me like that》

I have formed a provisional contract with a Leviathan---Kaiser .



Chapter 44

[My best regards from now on, Kaiser]

《Umu》

With this, Kaiser has more or less become my Contracted Beast . Nevertheless, I really didn’t expect something like this would happen while coming to the sea .

The feeling of Allen and Elena withering disappeared all too soon . They are now watching Kaiser with great interest .

《At any rate, they are really attached to you . You seem like a real parent》

Kaiser narrowed his eyes and looked at Allen and Elena who are clinging to me .

I can’t tell the difference in the Leviathan’s expression, but Kaiser’s gentle feeling has somehow been transmitted .

[That’s so . They have recognized me as an existence similar to an older brother]

If we seem like a real family, that makes me glad .

When I stroke Allen’s and Elena’s heads, the two draw closer .

《Fumu~ Children, come with me》

[Eh?]

Oi, Kaiser? What are you saying all of sudden!?

Kaiser said something ridiculous while facing Allen and Elena .

《If they grew up this much, I won’t have any problems . I will prepare a place they can live safely . I can definitely protect you children better, you know?》

[[With Onii~ chan]]

《It’s not like you can’t meet ever again, you know?》

[[No]]

《You like your brother so much that you don’t want to leave his side?》

[[Un!]]

I was surprised at Kaiser’s crazy question, but Allen and Elena choose to stay with me without hesitation .

I understand that Allen and Elena are attached to me, but being chosen like this makes me really happy, after all .

《Umu, umu . It seems you have built a good relationship》

[………]

…… It seems that Kaiser didn’t want to take them, but was just confirming Allen’s and Elena’s feelings since the beginning .

《I can’t advise you on parenting, but I advise you about anything else . It has not been too long since Takumi came to this world, right? Although I’m distant to the way of humans, but I have lived for a long time, after all》

[Eh! Th, this world!?]

《Although seldom, there are times where people from other worlds slip into ours . There are also existences that have memories from their previous life . Encountering a God’s retainer is much more unusual》

[Ah……]

Which reminds me, Kaiser has【Appraisal】skill . He must have seen both my status and my titles .

…… He accepted that I’m from a different world without being surprised . Judging by his words, he might have already met someone who came from a different world, perhaps even met a reincarnated person .

Oh, right…… there’s a chance that I will come across people from a different world from now on . I may be slightly looking forward to that .

《If you have something to ask, just ask with【Telepathy】 . If it’s you, Takumi, we will be able to connect even if we are far apart》

Nn? Telepathy?

[My【Telepathy】will…… connect?]

《Mu? You have learned it while talking with me, you know? Did you not notice?》

[Eh!?]

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Takumi Kayano

【Race】Human?［Wind God’s retainer (Temporary)］

【Occupation】Magician

【Age】20

【Level】27

【Skills】

Light Magic 66 | Dark Magic 65

Wind Magic 170 | Water Magic 51

Space Magic 118 | Life Magic 128

Swordsmanship 54 | Throwing 52

Appraisal 209 | Dismantling 119

Familiars 35 | Training 24

Swimming 8

Cooking 126 | Sewing 23

Washing 12 | Cleaning 31

Crafting 39 | Gathering 65

Arithmetics 108 | Reading 125

Concealment 41 | Detection 37

Oracle 12 | Telepathy 5

Abnormal Status Resistance 300 | Mental Status Resistance 300

Physical Attack Resistance 300 | Magic Attack Resistance 300

【Titles】

Transmigrated From a Different World

Blessed by the God of Creation, Malianor

Friend of Wind God Sylphreel

Savior

Conqueror of Low-Grade Dungeon

Monster Contractor

A-Rank Adventurer

Receiver of the Water Dragon King’s Divine Protection

【Contracted Beasts】

Fenrir (Joule)

Thunderhawk (Bolt)

Celestial Tiger (Feat)

Leviathan (Kaiser)(Provisional)

＝＝＝＝＝

Ah, it’s true .

When I confirm my status in a hurry, a new skill【Telepathy】appeared . Also,【Swimming】is there too .

I also have new titles .

【A-Rank Adventurer】obtained of course when I become A-Rank adventurer .

【Receiver of the Water Dragon King’s Divine Protection】is related to Kaiser, right?

I haven’t looked at other people’s statuses, but the number of titles is absolutely a lot…… this is my eight title . Well, they are all not normal, though……

Among the people I have seen until now, was four titles the most?

There are various titles, and there are some which affect abilities . They grant abilities, make skill acquisition easier, and make it easier to obtain proficiency .

I have not grasped clearly yet what the effects of my titles are . It’s by having【Different world~】title, I am able to understand Aetherdia’s language .

And if there are titles that act as a plus, there are also titles that act as a minus .

I have not met a criminal yet, but criminals apparently have a title with minus correction .

As I have had until now, I would like to avoid those people .

However…… it wouldn’t be strange for Allen and Elena to receive Kaiser’s protection, but it’s only me? Why?

[Kaiser’s divine protection appeared in my status, but?]

《Umu, that’s right》

[Why not Allen and Elena?]

《Because my contract is with you, Takumi》

[The contract itself is the divine protection, is it? You can’t normally give divine protection?]

A contract, huh…

It can’t be helped then, but I wish Kaiser could grant divine protection even without a contract .

《No, I can . But, I won’t give these children divine protection . As people from the same water system and children of God, they are existences way above mine . The inferior being can’t give protection to the superior one . Takumi is the wind’s person, but also a retainer like me . Although we are equal, you are simultaneously my junior . Therefore, the divine protection could be given》

[I see~]

The hierarchy, huh…

Indeed, the superior beings give divine protections to the inferior ones . It can’t be helped that Allen and Elena can’t receive a divine protection then .

《Also Takumi, hold onto this》

Kaiser handed me a scale he peeled off of his own body .

The scale is translucent and shining in a blue color .

《That is filled with my magical power . I will be able to grasp your location if you hold onto it》

So it’s possible to track your own magical power, I see~ Does it work with perception or detection?

Is it used the same way, but instead of reacting to many unspecified magical powers, it reacts to a specific one?

Is it similar to a tracing ring? The magic stone on the ring perceives the magical power and indicates the specific place .

In that case, is it possible to substitute the magic stone with something else? Let’s try it next time .

[Thank you very much . Umm…… this won’t work unless I carry it, right?]

Although a scale, Kaiser’s scale is as large as my face . Moreover, it’s also very thick . It would be slightly unreasonable to carry this around all the time .

《I won’t be able to find you if it’s in a place that obstructs magical power . I won’t mind if you fragment it to the size of your toes . Just carry it》

[I understand]

A place that doesn’t obstruct magical power……

I thought about putting it in the《Infinite Storage》at first, but that place is not good . The magic bag is equally bad .

If so, I must make something that will allow me to carry the scale around . However, would this crack while processing?

When I flick the scale with my finger as a test, hardness transmits . It’s a scale of the strongest sea monster, it wouldn’t break that easily……

[U~n……]

《What is it?》

[The scale is hard, I was wondering if I can break it……]

《I don’t mind if you break it, but it would be troublesome if it sunk . Try it after going up on the land . You should be able to break it without problems》

Let’s try it when we return to the land . Kaiser gave his guarantee, so it’s should be alright .

《It’s time for me to return . Children, if something happens, you should immediately depend on your older brother》

[[Un]]

《Do not hesitate to contact me, Takumi . Then, in good health》

[Yes . Thank you very much]

[[Bye by~e]]

Kaiser has returned to the sea .

I have obtained a reliable advisor, but I got tired a lot . Let’s end the water magic practice today and return to the Blue Waters Shrine .




Chapter 45

After parting ways with Kaiser, we have returned to the Blue Waters Shrine .

And in the next morning .

[You are already leaving? Please stay a little longer . We haven’t shown our hospitality yet]

[No, no . We have already received enough]

[Because Takumi-sama must have some plans, it would be rude of us to try to make him stay forcibly . Please come again, by all means]

[Yes . We will visit again]

[It is a promise]

I finish our farewells with Miko Himesama, Gard-san, and Mirena-san whom I am indebted and decided to promise to visit again .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Allen, Elena~ You must not touch that]

[[Ye~s]]

While carefreely swimming to the land, a flashy red starfish with purple polka dots--Acid Starfish appeared .

It has a paralysis poison .

If touched directly, your whole body would get paralyzed, but you wouldn’t die . If kicked while wearing leather shoes, there is no problem at all . However as expected, am I being too overprotective by not wanting them even to approach it?

Dealing with it underwater with wind and water magic would be too troublesome, so I retrieve the Water Katana from the《Inifnite Storage》 and cut directly at the Starfish . Because it’s an E-Rank monster, I finish it with one slash .

When mixing the Acid Starfish’s paralytic poison with medicinal plants, it can be used as anesthetics . Rather, it’s a monster whose materials are not worth the time .

However, it would be difficult to extract the poison here, so I just store it whole into the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Ah, Crab-san~]

[Crab-san, defeat~]

A Sand Crab appeared this time . Three at once . Allen and Elena happily rush towards the crabs to defeat them .

I thought of helping since there are three crabs, but two of them were instantly defeated with one blow . It appears that helping is not necessary at all .

asdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdasdas

[………… Are?]

While coming out on the seashore, I noticed a certain reef . That is certainly…… looks familiar……

If it looks familiar, it means that it’s most likely from the implanted knowledge . When I look for that implanted memory, I immediately remember .

Ah, right! A dungeon!

That reef is the entrance to a dungeon .

The 53rd Dungeon “Sazanami1 . ” An Intermediate Class Water Dungeon .

I decided to stop by since we have a precious dungeon and we change course towards the reef .

There’s entrance to the dungeon in the sea .

When we pass through the entrance, there was a waterway that lasted approximately 50m . We will be fine because of the mermaid bracelets we have received, but people who don’t have them would have to dive all the way?

I don’t have any experience in diving, so I wouldn’t really know, but I have doubts about holding breath for such distance . Tens of seconds while swimming at full speed? There are people who can hold their breath for several minutes, so it’s not completely impossible, huh…

The waterway went down a little, and there was a dead end at the end . There’s a light overhead . It appears we can get out from up there .

When I cautiously look around from the sea surface, there was a hall-like place .

This seems to be the start point of the dungeon . I can see a transfer device in the center of the hall .

First of all, I lift up Allen and Elena to the edge of the hall and then I climb out of the water myself .

And then, when I check my guild card,[53rd Dungeon “Sazami” 0/30 floor]has been recorded .

There’s entrance in the inner part of the hall . Because there doesn’t seem to be any other places we may be able to enter, that must be the entrance to the first floor .

[Now then, what should we do?]

I had impulsively entered a dungeon, but I have returned from the sea I have just gotten used to . Actually, I was planning to go to the town of Bailey and rest for a while .

[[Let’s go~!]]

It seems that Allen and Elena are already full of intentions to go .

Although they don’t show fatigue, they are still five years old children . Because they don’t show fatigue, I want to take regular breaks, but…

[[Is ok~ay]]

[…………]

Recently, I have a feeling that Allen and Elena are able to read my thoughts .

…… My thoughts are not reflected on my face, are they?

It makes me worried a little .

[N~ Then, shall we go up to the tenth floor? Once we get there, let’s go take a break in the town]

[[Un!]]

The Sazanami Dungeon altogether has 30 floors . It’s an Intermediate Class dungeon .

In the case of an Intermediate Class dungeon, there are transfer devices every ten floors . Using the transfer device, it’s possible to resume the dungeon capture from the tenth floor next time . With that, we won’t waste time even if we take a break .

The arrangements are made so let’s begin the dungeon capture without reservation .

But, before that---

[It’s almost noon so let’s go after having a meal]

[[Un! Meal~!]]

[Is there anything you’d like to eat?]

[[N~……]]

N~ As for me, I would like to eat something warm .

We have been in the care of the Blue Waters Shirine--The Mermaids’ main meals are raw fish and shellfish sashimi, vegetables and seaweed salads that were cultivated in the Blue Waters Shrine .

Everything was very delicious, but because they are basically a race that doesn’t use fire, there were no warm dishes .

[[Furench Tosto!]]

While remembering the meals of the Blue Waters Shrine, Allen and Elena has apparently decided . Their request is a sweet French Toast with plentiful of honey .

They didn’t request a lot of honey themselves, but “French Toast = plentiful of honey” is fixed for the twins .

[Let’s see…… let’s make a French Toast with a warm soup then?]

[[Un]]

[Then, will you help me with the making of the French Toast?]

[[Will help~]]

When I put eggs and sugar into a bowl, Allen presses down the bowl with his both hands as I was used to, and Elena began mixing the egg .

Because the French Toast is Allen’s and Elena’s most favorite dish, I have made it many times and had the two help me each time .

When the egg scrambled, I put milk in the bowl . This time, Elena pressed down on the bowl, and Allen starts mixing .

[[Done~]]

[Thank you]

It seems they have already completely mastered the egg mixing for the French Toast .

I thoroughly soak bread in the egg mixture the two children made, melt butter in the frying pan and start cooking . Once done, I place the toasts on a plate and pour honey over it .

For the soup, let’s have the pre-made vegetable consommé soup . Pour it in the cups, and .

Yosh! It’s completed .

[It’s done~]

[[Ye~s]]

[Then, itadakimasu]

[[Itadakima~shu]]




Chapter 46

After finishing our lunch, we immediately start with the capture of the first floor .

[《Light》]

When I turn on the light and peek inside the entrance, there was a culvert-like place . A waterway with flowing water in the center . And a pathway people can walk on both of its sides .

Because it’s a single, straight path we don’t hesitate to advance . I was just concerned on which side of the waterway to walk, but because it was a jumpable distance between both sides, I have decided to walk on the left side for now .

With nothing happening for a while, the waterway split in the shape of T .

[Which way shall we go?]

[[There~]]

[Yosh, left it is]

Allen and Elena pointed to the left simultaneously .

When I inquire which way to go just like I did during the previous dungeon capture, the two point without hesitation .

Left means that we don’t have to jump across the waterway .

As we advance, an obviously poisonous purple frogs with yellow dots jumps out from the water .

E-Rank monster, Poison Frog .

[Allen, Elena . Because this fellow has poison, use magic . I leave the one in front of you in your care . --《Air Shot》]

To make it easier for Allen and Elena to aim, I clean up all Poison Frogs except the one in front of them with a wind bullet .

[[Ye~s--《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

They have practiced magic on rocks . Therefore, it’s Allen’s and Elena’s first time shooting a moving target .

Allen and Elena aimed their water balls straight ahead and shot and the Poison Frogs .

However, because of a slight movement of the Poison Frog, the water balls missed . Was it truly accidental that the water balls the two shot landed at the same place?

[[Muu~]]

Allen and Elena make slightly frustrated expressions .

I know I shouldn’t laugh in this situation, but because the two’s expression was so adorable I broke into a smile .

[Cough…… Allen, Elena . Try aiming one more time . You can do it]

[[Un . --《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

This time, the two’s water balls hit the Poison Frog .

[[It hit~!]]

[Good, good~ Well done]

A bottle filled with Poison Frog’s poison appeared at the place of the Poison Frog . Allen and Elena swiftly pick it up and jump at me .

Seriously cute~

[Shall we practice magic like this for a little more?]

[[Un!]]

When I ask while stroking the two’s heads, they cheerfully answer .

After that, we smoothly advanced, and when a monster appeared, Allen and Elena defeated it with magic .

What appeared next were slimes . Fruit jelly made with the slime jelly it drops is quite delicious . Because I have a certain feeling that slime jelly can be used for something else besides fruit jelly, we assertively defeat it and collect the drops .

Which reminds me, all slimes here we have defeated until now were light blue in color . The slime jelly it drops is semi-transparent, odorless and tasteless, but the color of the slimes here is different from the previous dungeon . Is the slime jelly dropped from different colored slimes the same?

I’m afraid to say that Syl’s implemented knowledge doesn’t have anything on this . Maa~ On the contrary, if there was a detailed knowledge about the ecology of slimes, that would actually be quite unpleasant……

Because it doesn’t look like we will come across slimes different than the light blue ones here, I’m looking forward to the next dungeon .

Allen and Elena beat the monster that appeared one after another .

Water Lizard, Sand Crab, Big Lobster…… Only when there were a lot of monsters, I reduced their numbers first and let Allen and Elena fight one on one as much possible .

But, they are already getting used to it, so it will be alright to let them deal with multiple enemies soon? The amount of magical power they have left is still okay . Shall we try without thinning out the numbers next time?

[[Found~]]

About an hour after entering the first floor, Allen and Elena found a staircase to the next floor .

This Dungeon of Ripples seems to be slightly bigger than the Dungeon of Earth . But, I feel like the difficulty in this Intermediate Class dungeon isn’t that different from the Beginner Class one .

The monsters appearing are of F and E ranks……

Is it like this because this is a lower floor? Will the degree of difficulty gradually increase from now on?

I descend the staircase while thinking so .

The second floor isn’t different from the first one .

[[《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

The moment we get down, a Poison Frog appeared . Allen and Elena instantly killed it with magic .

It appears that the children have gotten used to the magic already .

[You are so skillful . I have no words!]

[[Heee~]]

When I praise them, Allen and Elena bashfully smile . Seriously, my children are too cute!

[[Ah, there~]]

While in agony because of Allen’s and Elena’s cuteness, the two suddenly found a secret room .

I confirm whether a trap is there or not and slowly slide the door open .

A treasure chest is in the middle of the room . A treasure chest the size of the extent where I would have to hold it with both of my hands . There’s neither a trap or a key needed to open the chest . Iya~ Having appraisal in situations like this is quite nice~

[[Can open~?]]

[You can . It’s safe]

When Allen and Elena open the chest, there was a large amount of shrimps inside . Shrimps bright red as the Whiskered velvet shrimp . Botan shrimp-ish?

They are not alive, but they are fresh as if just caught .

[[What is this~?]]

[Un? These are shrimps . It’s food]

[[Delish~?]]

[Aah~… I have never eaten this shrimp . But, shrimps are delicious]

[[Can eat~?]]

[Eh? Raw!? No, wait!]

Can shrimps be eaten raw? Ah! Appraisal doesn’t show edibility!

Why does it not have such needed info!?

[Allen, Elena . I will make a delicious dinner using these shrimps later, how about we don’t eat it right now?]

[[? Un . Understand]]

Ha~ I’m glad Allen and Elena are not selfish children~ Because there are children that have to have their own way even if told not to do something . I’m sincerely glad that they are obedient children~

In fact, I think that there won’t be any problems if eaten raw, but it’s better to stop them just in case . As compensation, I will cook a delicious shrimp dish, okay!

I pull myself together, and we continue to advance . 2-4 floors went favorably without an accident .

We found several treasure chests on the way, but they were all full of seafood . A pure white shrimps, clams, kelp, bonito flakes1, etc . Of course, I gratefully accepted it all .

Especially bonito flakes! I have received small dried fish from the Water God Retainer-sama, but bonito flakes weren’t among them .

I like soup stock with katsuobushi the most . Therefore, I was a bit happy~ Because even if you have bonito, it takes a time to make bonito flakes .

We smoothly advance forward and are on the fifth floor at the moment .

[[Found~]]

The time is good, so let’s end today’s capturing here . It’s just a right time since Allen and Elena found a staircase to the sixth floor .

Since that’s the case, let’s make a dinner . Today’s meal is Evil Viper meat I have completely forgotten about served with rice .

Iya~ It was a snake with evil appearances, but the meat was soft and delicious . As expected of A-Rank monster .

Although it’s a rare high-class ingredient, I have secured 100kg of meat . One hundred grams is enough for us to have one meal . Therefore, we won’t run out for a while . Rather, I think I secured way too much…… Oh well .

After that, I boiled the shrimps we got during the day with salt . I thought trying it simple for now .

It was just salted, but it was delicious .

[[Delish~]]

Allen and Elena were also satisfied with the Evil Viper and shrimps .

Now then, our stomachs are full so let’s take it easy and sleep .




Chapter 47

When the dawn breaks, we have a light breakfast and resume the capture .

Today, we are starting on the sixth floor .

It is originally a maze, but it’s getting slightly complicated . Hidden passages are now harder to find .

[[Yaa!]]

Once they finished the magic training, Allen and Elena are free to fight as they like, causing their kicking style to explode . It seems they like martial arts more than magic .

But, they appear to remember my warnings about not approaching poison monsters as they are properly defeating them with magic .

[Oops, wait a moment!]

It’s Impact Shell . That’s a shell monster, but it releases a shock wave when hit . Because of that, you have to make a distance when attacking it .

[You have to attack that from bigger distance than usual]

[[Ye~s]]

I inform Allen and Elena, and they take distance from the Impact Shell . Then, I hit the Impact Shell with a light magic that wouldn’t defeat it .

And immediately, bon, the sound broke, and vibrations passed through . It’s this faint because we are far away from it, the impact in the vicinity of the Impact Shell is considerably large .

[See? It’s okay when you defeat it in one blow, but as you have seen, you could get injured so let’s defeat it from a distance just in case, okay?]

[[Understood~]]

When Allen and Elena reply in consent, I shoot magic again and defeat the Impact Shell .

Which reminds me, I haven’t looked at Allen’s and Elena’s status for a while now . I though so and confirmed it--

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Allen (Elena)

【Race】Human?

【Occupation】Fighter

【Age】5

【Level】25

【Skills】

Water Magic | Hand-to-hand Combat | Evasion

Throwing | Swimming | Presence Detection

Jumping | Telepathy

Gathering | Arithmetics

Abnormal Status Resistance

【Titles】

Water God’s Child

Conqueror of Low-Grade Dungeon

＝＝＝＝＝

What I notice first is that the question marks have disappeared . It clearly states【Water God’s Child】now .

Although I don’t know if it’s because I figured out their identity or because the level of my appraisal has increased .

I don’t think it’s about the amount of magical power like in Kaiser’s case .

…… Still, this is bad . I’m level 27 at the moment . It turns out that Allen’s and Elena’s level is not that different from mine now .

Even though it should have considerably increased when I defeated the Evil Viper . They caught up all too soon .

Is is that? The hunting competition with Joule and others during our trip from Shirin? They have defeated quite the number of monsters that time…… The monsters of Gaya Forest are overall strong, it seems they raised their levels smoothly .

As expected, being lower level than the two would be uncool…… But, you see…… these children love fighting so much, refraining them would be a bit, right~

But, even so, it’s impossible to level while the children sleep because they sleep sticking close to me .

U~n, this is difficult……

For now, let’s train at least the proficiencies . Because I don’t have to defeat monsters to train proficiencies, all I have to do is practice when I’m free . Un, let’s do that .

I have to be especially careful with the water magic!

[[This~]]

[Thank you]

Allen and Elena brought me the Impact Shell’s drop item .

It’s a string sticking out from cylinder made from paper…… This, this is a cracker, right?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Cracker】

When the string is pulled, a light exploding sound will come out from the cylinder part .

Just right for startling people .

＝＝＝＝＝

…………… It’s the very cracker, alright . A strange thing appeared again .

However, the description! “Just right for startling people,” that isn’t the original use!

A cracker is intended for parties, not for startling people . Although I have used it to startle people, state the original use in the description properly!

[[This, wha~t is?]]

[N? This is called a cracker, and when you pull this string, pan, it will make a loud sound . Do you want to try it?]

Since we obtained it, let’s try how much loud of a sound it makes .

[[Want~]]

[Then, turn this part away from you . You can’t aim it towards yourselves and other people, okay? Then, will you two pull the string together?]

[[Ye~s]]

While I hold the cylinder, Allen and Elena hold the string and at the count of[One~two], Allen and Elena pull on the string .

--Paan!!

[!!!!]

[[Hiyaa!]]

The moment the string was pulled, the cracker made a loud explosive sound .

My ears are ringing .

The sound was louder than I expected . Allen and Elena scream in a startle, cling to my legs and tremble .

Who was the one who wrote the description Just right for startling people!?

This is already a lethal sound weapon! Moreover, not only the other party, you also inflict considerable self-damage .

[Allen, Elena, sorry . It startled you, didn’t it?]

[[Uu~]]

The two are slightly teary eyes . I’m really sorry .

Anyway, let’s embrace the two and soothe them .

Afterwards, when the defeated Impact Shell dropped Crackers, Allen and Elena didn’t approach them .

This didn’t become a trauma or something, right? They just don’t want to approach it, right?

I also thought about leaving the Crackers behind, but couldn’t this item be used by handing it to the opponent and letting him self-destruct? Because I thought so, I reconsidered and picked it up .

I thought using it when coming across a nasty fellow like Baron Gilbert .

Since it’s not an excessively known item, I thought the opponent may want to get his hands on it out of curiosity .

Nothing in particular has happened after the Cracker incident and we have advanced smoothly .

Maa, the rate at which we encountered monsters has increased? Only to that degree .

So, we are currently on the ninth floor, but…… Oops, a Water Lizard is sticking to the ceiling .

At any rate, it’s huge . A lizard as big as a human child…… If I had to say, newt-ish?

It can stick to the ceiling without falling quite well~

[Allen, Elena . Look for a bit--《Water Needle》]

The water flowing in the waterway changes into a sharp needle and pierces the Water Lizard .

It’s a magic where you compress the original source of water and change its shape to attack .

I had defeated it properly as the Water Lizard turned into a drop item . “Water Lizard’s Tail,” it says . What can this item be used for? Maa, let’s put it in the《Infinite Storage》for now .

[Did you see it? Do you want to practice magic by changing the water’s shape like this?]

[[Un, will do~]]

Allen and Elena are already accustomed to the Water Ball enough, so I thought it’s time for them to learn something new .

[[《Wat~er Niidoru》]]

Allen and Elena turn towards a Water Lizard sticking to a wall and cast the spell .

Many Water Lizards are sticking on the walls as we advance . It’s a perfect place for Allen and Elena to practice so they take care of them one after another .




Chapter 48

After hunting Water Lizards to our heart’s content, we have decided to suspend the capture and take a break because we have found the staircase to the 10th floor .

That being the case, good morning .

It’s finally the 10th floor today . There should be the transfer device on this floor so let’s aim for that!

Oh, before that, breakfast . Now then, what shall we eat~ …… Freshly baked bread, sunny-side-up fried eggs, and a wiener . Is it okay with potage soup?

Allen and Elena are not picky . No, wrong… They love Cream bread and French toast, so they have no “food they dislike . ”

Maa~ anyhow, since they are eating so deliciously, it’s worth making it .

After we finish the breakfast, we resume the capturing right away .

The 10th floor is identical to the past floors with a waterway in the middle and space to walk on the sides .

Allen and Elena choose the passage on the right, and after several minutes of walking, we have encountered a large cast of Sand Crabs .

[[Yaa!]][[Too!]]

Allen and Elena smoothly annihilated them at once, though .

Crab legs and Crab shells are rolling on the ground together with drop items .

Which reminds me, I have not tried the Kani Nabe1 yet . Should I try making it for today’s dinner~

Following, a large lounge of Water Lizards have appeared .

[[〈Wat~er Niidoru〉]]

They precisely penetrate the Water Lizards sticking to the walls with Water Needles .

They learned this magic just yesterday yet they have already mastered it . They really do learn quick……

Overtaking me is a matter of time…… kusun (Crying)

◇ ◇ ◇

[Is this it……]

After smoothly advancing while defeating monsters on the way, we found a door similar to the door which led to the boss room in the Dungeon of Earth .

There’s no point in staying here any longer so when I touch the door, it’s starts shining as I expected--and with a gigigi sound, it slowly opens .

It’s the same phenomenon as in the Dungeon of Earth . I was somehow surprised the last time, but it’s not so surprising the second time, huh .

However, I was surprised when the door opened .

Most of the room is filled with water . The area around the door is a land, and then there’s a something like a small island in the center . Otherwise, everything is water .

Looking at the water from the surface, it seems to be quite deep .

A long bridge is suspended straight between the place we are staying at and the island . It seems we have to go to the island .

I have decided to cross the bridge while paying attention to both sides as there are no handrails . Something will jump out of the water at us without a doubt .

[《Wind Cutter》]

As expected, something has jumped at us from the water . Shooting it down with magic, it was Arrowfish .

Arrofish is a fish with long and narrow appearances similar to an otter, the tip of its body resembles a terrifying arrowhead . And, as the name suggests, it’s a fish monster that jumps from the water at considerably speeds just like an arrow .

Because it’s movements are monotone, it’s considered as a lowly F-Rank monster .

However, it wasn’t just that Arrowfish .

After the first Arrowfish, more and more Arrowfish came flying at us from both sides one after another .

[《Winder Cutter》]

[[《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

I shoot down the Arrowfish with magic together with Allen and Elena .

The troublesome thing is that Arrowfish lives in groups . You will certainly have a painful experience if you neglect them for being F-Rank .

After shooting down about 100 of them, it has finally calmed down . Was this the all for now?

Looking at the water’s surface, a lot of Arrowfish drop items are floating in the water . Most of it are arrows .

Due to the flow of water…… the drop items that fell away from the bridge were drifting towards us, making it easy to pick them up .

Nevertheless, arrows, huh……

I have wanted to try archery in a long time ago . Maa, I wanted to, but never actually tried .

Why, you ask? I was scared of shooting myself, didn’t I……

…… It shouldn’t be a problem now . I should buy a good bow and try practicing .

Which reminds me, the guild is offering short courses on weapon handling . In that case, I may also learn how to handle weapons other than the bow, such as sword or spear .

We arrive at the island in the center while picking up the items, and I start feeling monster presence again . I wonder if Arrowfish will start jumping at us again?

[Allen on the left, Elena on the right . Can you do it?]

[Un! Allen will work hard~]

[Elena too . Elena will work hard too~]

I point with my finger and show them the direction they are in charge of . Allen and Elena stay in front, each taking care of their side while I stay behind covering left and right from behind .

Allen and Elena returned reliable replies .

[《Wind Cutter》]

[[《Wat~er Ba~ll》]]

As expected, more Arrowfish came flying .

Allen and Elena shoot down the Arrowfish on their respective sides one after another . It’s a situation where they have to fire magic continuously, but Allen and Elena don’t panic .

After shooting down enough to forget to count, the monster presence finally disappeared .

Does it end with this?

When I look at the water’s surface after defeating the last Arrowfish, it was full of arrows and small blue magic stones .

Besides that, a short, small spear? was there . Perhaps a javelin?

Speaking of which, it felt like there were one or two larger individuals every 30 or so fish . I didn’t confirm, but is that the drop from it?

Before I notice, another bridge which is leading away from the island towards a hole in a wall has appeared .

This is apparently the end, it doesn’t seem like monsters will come flying at us on the other bridge .

[[Onii~ chan, look, look . Many~]]

[That’s amazing~ You two really worked hard~]

[[Ehehe~]]

Allen and Elena are holding arrows they have picked up in both of their hands .

They worked hard shooting the Arrowfish with magic, and they even picked up the dropped items on their own, seriously hard working and good children~

Good boy, good girl, when I pat the two, they become bashful . Kawaii~

[Can I ask you to help me collect more?]

[[Un!]]

With Allen and Elena’s help, we have finished collecting the dropped items .

Then, let’s go to the opposite bank at once . When I thought about crossing over, Allen and Elena pulled on my clothes .

[N? What’s the matter?]

[Onii~ chan, bellow]

[Something’s there~]

[Eh? Down in the water?]

[[Un!]]

It appears that Allen and Elena have noticed something in the water .

I think it’s apparent that it’s not a living creature . Because if it was a living creature, I should be able to detect it myself .

As I’m unable to sense not living beings, if Allen and Elena say there’s something in there, then there’s something in there .

[It looks safe, want to take a dive?]

[[Un!]]

First of all, let’s dive in and confirm .

There’s no need to prepare anything because of the Mermaid bracelet, so we can go in without hesitation .

[Ah, a treasure chest]

The water is surprisingly deep, but as the water is clear, I was able to see a treasure chest at the bottom immediately .

To think it would be at a place like this…… Allen and Elena did well noticing~

After checking the presence of a trap and opening the box, there was a Mermaid bracelet in the treasure chest .

It must be quite rare since it’s in a treasure chest . However, because we already have it, the surprise was reduced by half?

But, if there’s spare, I can use it for Joule or others, so I will gratefully accept it .

Since there wasn’t anything else besides the treasure chest, we leave from the water and cross the bridge . When I looked to the inner part from the entrance, there was a small room as expected .

There was a staircase leading down and a transfer device installed next to it .

[Then, shall we go?]

[[Un!]]

I take Allen and Elena, touch the transfer device, and we return to the hall on the first floor .

Now then, we have achieved our objective, let’s make a lavish meal of Kani Nabe!




Chapter 49

After successfully capturing the tenth floor, we have returned to the hall on the first floor where we spend the night .

Of course, we have thoroughly enjoyed Kani Nabe for dinner . I used miso based soup and used not only crabs but also other seafood such as shrimps and plenty vegetables .

Sand Crabs are really delicious . Allen and Elena stuffed their cheeks full . They were chewing with inflated cheeks, looking like cute squirrels~

And the next morning, we have arrived in Bailey .

When we entered the town, we headed towards the harbor first . Bailey is connected to a sea, so many boats are coming in and out of the harbor .

Fishing boats and merchant ships transporting people and goods to other countries . Large and small ships are lined up in the harbor .

Despite it being early in the morning, the square near the harbor is crowded with many people .

It’s a morning market . The fresh marine products caught in the morning are being sold here .

There are also many stalls where you can eat on the spot .

We have not eaten breakfast this morning yet . I thought that such place would be in a harbor town, so we came here early in the morning .

We have spotted many street stall and shops while looking around .

A shop selling fresh fish . A shop selling fish and shellfish grilled on a charcoal fire . A considerable variety of seafood is being sold .

Oh, this shop is selling scallops .

This stall is selling scallops in shells on top of a grill . The muscles of these scallops are larger than of the Yesso Scallops I’m familiar with .

[Hello]

[Ou, welcome . These were caught just this morning . Would you like to eat some?]

[They look delicious . Is this seasoned with salt?]

[Yeah, that’s right]

[If possible, I would like to season it myself, is it okay?]

[A different seasoning? Well, I don’t mind]

[Then, can I have three?]

[These are almost done . Are these fine?]

[Yes . Then……--]

I pay the money and place a piece of butter on top of the muscles . When the butter melts, I sprinkle it with soy sauce .

The butter and soy sauce heat up in a blink of an eye and a delicious smell floats around .

It’s butter-soy sauce grilled scallop . Scallops should be done like this when it comes to grill, right?

[Allen, Elena . It’s hot so be careful when eating, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

When I hand the hot shells to Allen and Elena after transferring it on a plate, the two fuufuu… cool it down and start eating .

[Allen, Elena . How is it? Delicious?]

[[Delish~]]

Seeing Allen and Elena eat so deliciously, I take the big scallop and eat too .

Terrific! Delicious!!

The muscle is so tender and delicious . Moreover, because it’s so big, I got quite filled with just one .

[[Onii~ chan, delish~?]]

[Un, delicious]

Somehow, I feel warm and fluffy~

[S, smells really good . Niichan, I understand the first thing was butter, but what was the dark liquid?]

[It’s a sap from a tree called Koikuchi which grows in dungeons, it’s seasoning called Soy Sauce . Would you like to try?]

[I, is that okay!? Please!]

The stall owner who watched us eat seemed to want to try it too . The fragrance of butter and soy sauce is really appetizing after all .

When I asked if he wants to try, he immediately bit the bait . Therefore, when I finished making the scallop with the same procedure as before, the stall owner immediately chomped it down .

[Delicious!! What is this, I have never tasted something so delicious . So good!]

Super-high praise . The stall owner finished eating in a blink of an eye .

I know it’s delicious, but let’s calm down a bit . If you shout so loud, you will attract the attention of the surroundin--

[Oyaji, that looks delicious . I’d like to eat that too!]

[Me too!]

[Give me some too~]

[I would like some too]

Are? The surroundings had gathered before I noticed…… It appears that the passersby already gathered because of the fragrance .

[[Ah~]]

Unconsciously, the stall owner and I leak out a voice .

[Niichan…… could you lend me that soy sauce?]

[Maa, I’m also responsible, I don’t mind]

I obtained quite a lot of soy sauce in the town of Shirin, so there’s no problem selling a bottle to this uncle .

Rather, butter and soy sauce scallops are not a product here . If I said something wrong, the people here would probably riot .

[Sorry about that~ By the way, could you lend me some butter too?]

[Ah~ Sure]

Lured by the fragrance, customers seeking butter and soy sauce scallops formed a queue .

The stall owner stuffed the grill with scallops to the limit .

Because I couldn’t just feign ignorance and leave, I was in charge of putting butter and soy sauce over the scallops .

Allen and Elena who finished eating their scallops were clinging to my legs while quietly observing the situation .

[Sorry . We are sold out!]

The scallops ran out of stock in no time . People who hadn’t eaten yet walked away from the stall with disappointed expressions .

To be honest, I didn’t expect such thing to happen .

[To be sold out so early, it’s my first time since setting the stall up . Niichan, sorry, you even had to help me~]

[Iya~ I was surprised that so many people came~]

[You don’t see such seasonings around here after all . The tempting appetizing smell makes it even better . Everyone would get attracted by it]

From talking more, it appears that every stall only uses salt as seasoning .

I guess it will be delicious just because it’s fresh, but having the same taste in every shop……

[Nevertheless, I had sold it because of the course of events, was that okay? Or……]

The stall owner is fidgeting for some reason . He’s hesitating to ask something . Un, a fidgeting old man is not cute at all .

This is that . The same attitude Road-san had when I made Cream bread .

[No problem . If you want to sell it, do as you please]

[Really!?]

It’s just pouring over some seasoning, it’s not that different from the original dish .

It’s just--

[However, please supply the seasoning by yourself]

[Of course!]

If he uses up the soy sauce, he has to secure more by himself . I had to make that point clear .

[Oh, right! Niichan, take this]

The stall owner held out a bucket which was laying aside at the stall . Inside were without a doubt, scallops .

Are? Wasn’t he sold out?

[These are slightly smaller than the ones I sell . The are smaller in size, but I can guarantee the taste]

The stall owner says he can’t sell them, but they are big enough to eat .

[Is that okay?]

[Sure . I think it’s little lacking as thanks, but please accept them]

[Thank you very much]

After I had received the scallops, the owner went looking for a store selling soy sauce, so we have separated . Leaving the stall as is……

[He left]

[[Left~]]

Maa, the stalls on both sides should be owned by his acquaintances, so it’s probably okay……

[Allen, Elena, you can still eat, right? What would you like to eat next~?]

[[Ntone~…… That~]]

I made them wait a while, but let’s continue the breakfast?




Chapter 50

After the meal, we have looked around the stalls in the morning market .

Anyhow, there are many marine products displayed . From the familiar fish and shellfish to colorful tropical fish . Sometimes, we would see poisonous fish, but all that was also edible seafood .

I was troubled what to buy because there were so many different kinds, but I have asked the people in charge for a recommendation and decided to buy that . Thereupon, before I realized, I have purchased a massive amount of marine products .

Honestly, have I bought too much? Is that I thought at first, but on Aetherdia, fish can be only obtained on the sea side, so I won’t be able to get more when we move inland . I have decided to buy as much as I can .

After finished shopping, we went through the morning market square and strolled along the shopping street . There, I a blacksmith caught my eye, so I decided to take a look .

[Excuse me~]

[Ou . Customer?]

When entering the store and calling out, an Oyaji-san showed his face from inside .

[Would you be able to refine this?]

What I show him is Leviathan’s---Kaiser’s scale .

I have split them in suitable sizes .

When resting in the dungeon, I tried to break it with a tool and it unexpectedly easily broke just as Kaiser said .

It’s just that because it really broke, the fragments were sharp and could inflict an injury if carelessly touched .

[Let me take a look . …… Not a stone . A scale? Nevertheless, it’s quite thick and heavy . Besides, this magical power……… No way!!!?]

As expected, handing him a scale just as I received would be bad . I split it thinking such, but it seems it can’t escape a trained eye .

The blacksmith Oyaji-san stares at me in surprise .

[This is not something that you can find on the ground]

[Ah~ Is that so~]

Dragon scales don’t fall off easily .

No, I said it wrong . When it’s time for a dragon to replace its scales, the old scales will come off in its nest, you can hardly find dragon scales away from the dragon’s nest .

Another thing is that it can’t be obtained by hurting a dragon, it has to be defeated . However, aside from sub-dragons, superior dragons are something that humans seldom challenge .

Because of that, Leviathan’s scales are something to revere .

Oyaji-san asks me where did I find something that’s almost impossible to obtain at the market .

[W, where did you get it?]

[…… It’s a present]

[Something so precious, who would just give it you!]

[That’s strictly confidental]

[………]

Even if I say that I got it from Leviathan himself (dragon at roots)? he wouldn’t believe…… Rather, he would doubt my sanity .

He seems to be interested as a craftsman, but don’t inquire about it too deeply, please .

[It’s natural that something like this has to be secret, huh…… so, you want me to polish this?]

[Yes . I don’t want to get hurt while carrying it . And then, I would like to make a hole big enough for a strap, but]

[Certainly, it would be dangerous if left as is . To scrap and polish to the degree that you won’t get injured…… Maa, I think I could manage somehow, but…… A hole would be impossible . If I’m to make a hole forcibly, it will break without a doubt]

[Eh, is that so?]

…… Hey, Kaiser, I’m going to have a hard time making it into an ornament, though .

What should I do? I think it will be easy to lose by just putting it into a pocket~

[Ou, Rudi! Rudius! Come here for a bit!]

[What’s the matter, Boss?]

The Rudius that came from inside after being called by Oyaji-san is a slender man in his late twenties .

That would be the case~ As expected, this Oyaji-san is the boss here .

[Are, a customer? tte, why is Boss tending the store?]

[Rather than that, are you able to make an ornament out of this?]

[N? What is this? A stone? Although beautiful, it doesn’t seem to be a gem . …… So, Master . This is?]

[A fragment of Water Dragon’s scale]

[Wwha!!? Seriously?]

[I have no doubts . He says he wants to make this into an ornament . You are good at that, aren’t you?]

He’s a worker here, and it seems his specialty is craftsmanship rather than smithing .

[I would like a pendant if possible, but]

[Please, wait a moment . Umm, polishing would be best . This is weaker than silver…… Then, maybe a holy silver……---]

Rudius-san smoothly draws a design on the paper at the counter .

It’s a pendant of a blue fragment of the scale enclosed in metal fringe . A fine design is carved on the metal parts .

Although simple, it’s quite delicate design . I like it .

[How about this?]

[Looks wonderful . Allen, Elena, what do you think?]

[Cool~]

[Pretty~]

Allen and Elena seem to like it too .

[Can I request you to make that?]

[Because steel and silver would be defeated by this scale, I have to make it from materials that won’t lose out . Doing that will increase the price by a lot, but……]

[What kind of material would you use for example?]

[As expected, Mithril would be the best……]

Oh, Mithril! As expected, it’s this mineral when it comes to fantasy!

[Is the supply of the materials a problem?]

[Umm…… Boss! Is it okay to use the Mithril in the stock?]

[Yeah, there’s not enough left to make a weapon, but there should be enough for a pendant]

The materials seem to be all right . I would like you to make it, but there’s one modification I would like to make in the design .

[I would like to as for something other than a metal chain if possible]

I am not fond of the jingling feeling around my neck . Therefore, something like a leather strap would be ideal if possible .

[Other than metal, huh~ If not a monster leather…… Mithril Spider’s thread would be nice~ Boss~ Can’t we somehow get our hands on it~]

[Don’t be silly! How could we obtain something so precious t hat easily! Even if it appears on the market, it will get immediately bought!]

Mithril Spider…… Isn’t that a rare monster than mutates after consuming Mithril?

The Mithril’s special characteristics appear on the web of the spider . Rather, it matches one of the items I have received from Syl……

[Is this enough?]

[Eh!? Eeeeehーー!! I, isn’t that!! Mithril Spider’s threaaad~!! Why do you have it!?]

When I retrieve Mithril Spider’s thread from《Infinite Storage》and show it to Rudius-san, he freaks out .

[Water Dragon’s scale is one thing, but you even have Mithril Spider’s thread……]

Boss sighs deeply .

I understood that it’s a rare material, but…… I see, so this is the normal reaction……

I have surprised a lot of people recently, so I feel that I’m getting immune to surprises .

[Then, three of those, please]

[Haaaaa!?]

When I take another two scale fragments, he freaks out again .

Un . I knew he would have such reaction .

[Three you say… perhaps!?]

[It’s for these children, you know?]

If Kaiser is able to sense us because of that, I would definitely like for Allen and Elena to carry them too .

[How extravagant!]

[When it comes to Water Dragon’s scales, there are some water-related benefits, after all, ]

[…… That’s certainly the case, but…… However, I really appreciate that I would be able to make goods out of these rare materials . Then, since I will be making three, can I change the design, so they are not all the same?]

[Yes, I don’t mind . Especially Elena’s… I would like this child’s design to be more girlish . Isn’t that so, Elena?]

[Un!]

I don’t mind a simple one, but Elena’s should be more cute, right?

When confirming with her, she returned a positive reply . It seems a cute one would be better as expected .

[What about Allen? Do you have a request?]

[N~?]

It seems Allen doesn’t have any special request . He tilted his head for a bit, then shook left and right .

The two are always in sync, but they display their individual personalities at times like these .

[Then, what do you want to do about the scales’ powder that comes out during the polishing? Do you want to take it?]

[Powder? Are you not disposing of it?]

[You, that’s Water Dragon’s Scale, you know! Its powder is a wonderful material! Just by mixing it with molten metal while making armor will increase its hardness dramatically, you know!!]

…… I got scolded .

I see, even the powder can be used…… It seems that Kaiser’s scale is just that precious .

In the end, I decided to let the shop keep the powder, and they deducted it from the fee . Kaiser wouldn’t probably mind just this much powder .

Or rather, it would only collect dust in《Infinite Storage》if I kept it .

Once the order was complete, Rudius-san immediately returned to the back of the workshop with the materials .

With this, Kaiser’s scale will be safely turned into ornaments . I can’t wait for the completed goods~




Chapter 51

[Ah, that’s right . Boss, is it also possible to order protective gear made with self-brought materials?]

[Of course . What’s the material? Considering it’s lad, it must be leather and not metal?]

[Yes, that’s right . Can you make it with this?]

I retrieve a part of Evil Viper’s skin from《Infinite Storage》and show it to Boss .

I remembered that I wanted to make armor from this for myself and naturally for Allen and Elena as well .

[Wwha!? T, the hell is this!! This lustrous color . The quality of magical power…… Perhaps, is it Evil Viper!?]

[That’s correct . You recognized it as well]

Boss has recognized Evil Viper at a glance .

Craftsmen are amazing . Unless I use appraisal, I can’t tell from what monster the material is .

[Again! Taking out valuable things as toys . Seriously, where do you get your hands on all of this!!]

[Ah~ I have defeated that one]

Unlike Kaiser’s scale, I have sold Evil Viper to the guild . Because he could find out if he checked, I answered honestly .

[What you say!? You are an adventurer? What’s your rank?]

[A-Rank, more or less]

[Seriously!?]

I’m aware that I don’t look strong .

However, I have asked for armor in the first place, though? Did he think that I’m not an adventurer, but just need armor for traveling?

[I thought you weren’t ordinary, but…… . A-Rank, huh . Even though I have thought that I had an eye for adventurers after working for so many years…… You can’t judge people by their appearances, huh]

Ah, that . That’s similar to the words of the Shirin’s Adventurer’s Guild’s Guild Master . It appears that my condition is mismatched .

[Sorry…… I strayed away from the talk . So, protective armor, right? This is a rarely seen first-class material . If you want to use it, let me make it, by all means]

[Can you do Enchantment? I would like to have automatic size adjustment, but]

Enchantment means to give weapons, armors, accessories, or tools a magic effect .

Strengthening the tools, increasing durability…… There are many kinds of magic effects .

[Enchantment, huh~…… Certainly, if you use a material like this, you would like to have Enchantment~ But, that is impossible for me . Craftsmen who would be able to do that can be found only in the capital]

[Is that so?]

I see, so it’s not possible, after all~

People who can use Enchantment magic are few, to begin with . Furthermore, it rarely happens that such person is also a production craftsman .

Even if they are not a craftsman, locating someone who can do it and asking them to apply magic is also quite difficult .

[I wanted to make boots for these children, but……]

The boots we are wearing now is what Syl has actually prepared for us, it has automatic size, and automatic temperature adjustments, automatic repairment, dirt prevention effect, the boots are super first-class items .

However, I’m worried about the defensive aspect . Especially for Allen and Elena whose core is kicking .

Therefore, I thought of getting them battle-oriented boots that emphasized defense, but…… If the boots are made with Evil Viper’s skin, they should be resistant to both physical and magical attacks .

But you see~ Allen and Elena will only grow from now on . As expected, without automatic size adjustment, the shoes will become small all too soon .

There’s really no problem in making new shoes whenever they get bigger . I can earn enough money to buy good ones every time .

It’s just that we live a life where we move a lot because we are not settling in one place, I won’t be able to predict the timing to make new ones, the days involved in the production, etc .

But, after all, I’d like to make sure the shoes are perfect . N~ It appears that getting excellent armor is not as easy as it looks……

[For children? That’s some extravagance again . But, as the children grows, the size adjustments will be needed even more, right~ Kwu~ Even though it was finally my chance to handle a good material~]

Should I give on making the children’s boots this time? The current boots are sufficient enough for now .

Besides, it seems that I will be able to find a craftsman that can do Enchantment in the capital, so I should endure until then . That person might be able to make something excellent .

Boss looks very regrettable that he can’t process the Evil Viper’s skin…… He’s drowning in sorrow .

N~ Equipment that needs Enchantment would be impossible, but--

[My breastplate and so on--]

[Of course! Leave it to me!!]

…… I couldn’t speak until the end .

I see . He wanted to use the Evil Viper skin that much .

[Also, I would like to request gloves as well]

I would like a breastplate that could protect the heart . Ah~ But, wouldn’t vest or something be better?

Also, gloves for gathering . The gloves from normal leather are enough for the moment, but it will become a necessity depending on the plants .

Herbs that releases electricity when held, herbs that has to be held while blocking its magical power, there are many special plants .

I would probably want to pick them if found .

[Gloves! Those are certainly for lad, right?]

[Yes, that’s right~ And then, a gauntlet? I would like something that could cover my arm]

[Gauntlet? Not from metal, but leather? No, this leather is stronger than some metals, but . Or is it not a protective gear?]

[I keep a hawk . When that child lands on my arm, his claws digs in a little]

It’s alright at the moment if Bolt gently lands, but I thought I should have one just in case . I should just have one made .

[Ah, so that’s it . That’s just one arm then . Let’s take the measurements first]

[Ah, yes…… N?]

When Boss was about to start taking my measurements, Allen was pulling on my clothes .

[What’s wrong, Allen?]

[Allen wants too~]

[N? You want gloves?]

[Uun . Bolt’s~]

Bolt’s? …… Ah!

[Allen wants to hold Bolt on his arms as well?]

[Un!]

Allen unusually requested something on his own .

And it being a gauntlet for Bolt, what an adorable request .

Come to think of it, he was looking at the swords and armors since we have entered this store . As a boy, he would be interested in such things, after all?

[Alright . Let’s make one for Allen as well]

[Really~! Yatta~!]

[How about Elena?]

[N~?]

Allen was very pleased when I decided to have one made on for Allen too .

When I asked Elena if she wants a gauntlet for Bolt as well, she shook her head like she doesn’t need it . On the contrary to before, Elena did not show interest this time .

[Then, Boss . Make a gauntlet for this child as well, please]

[I don’t mind making it, but what do you want to do about the leather? You are surely not telling me to make this child’s gauntlet from Evil Viper skin too?]

[Ah~]

I wouldn’t mind it being made from Evil Viper skin just like mine, but if I tell that to Boss it would probably seem too outrageous~

[Let’s see~ A material that wouldn’t get pierced by the hawk’s claws while being light enough to not become a burden to this child . Anything is fine, would you be able to find an appropriate one?]

If the Evil Viper skin is not used, I don’t know what else may be good . It would be better to leave this to Boss .

[I see, in that case, leave it to me . That’s right, why don’t I make the gauntlet larger and fix the arm portion with straps? If I do that, he may keep on using it even after he grows to some extent]

[Yes . Thank you very much . Do that please]

What a delightful suggestion . It would be better if it could get adjusted with straps .

I immediately approved of Boss’s suggestion .

[Allen, is there anything else you want?]

[No, is fi~ne!]

Oya? He showed interest so I had thought he would like some kind of weapon or something, but…… Was he just curious?

Maa, isn’t that good for the moment?

I only have to buy him a weapon when he becomes bigger and interested .

After confirming our orders, we have left the store .

It will take about one week for all the items to be ready . I’m looking forward to finished products~




Chapter 52

(Yaa, Takumi-san . You seem well)

We came across a temple while strolling around the town, so I decided to stop by for the first time in a while .

When I entered inside, I went towards the stone statue and spoke to Syl as usual . Then, Syl immediately replied .

(Maa, that’s so . Rather than that Syl, I have heard about Allen and Elena)

I inform him that I know that Allen and Elena are Water God’s children just in case .

Syl might have already known that I know, though .

(…… Un . Sorry for keeping silent about it)

(I understand that Syl wasn’t at fault)

(Un, thank you)

(More importantly that that, what is Allen’s and Elena’s father doing?)

（………）

Syl became silent at my question . It appears he can’t tell me .

(…… I understand, I understand)

Haa…… I won’t hear more than this…… In the first place, I did not expect to hear much .

Nevertheless, Allen’s and Elena’s father--Just what kind of person is Water God-sama? As the appearances of Syl’s statue is exactly the same, there won’t probably be much difference from his statue, right?

Water God-sama’s appearances are the complete opposite of Syl’s androgynous-like look . He gives off very manly impression .

Naturally, he’s handsome . Besides, that . Hoso macho1 . How envious~

Muscles are something I have yearned for in a period of my life . However, since I was no good at exercising and muscles were hard to attain . Hoso macho…… that was a dream within a dream……

Oops, the talk got off point . Umm…… right, right appearances . Allen and Elena are also good-looking . I feel like they resemble Water God…… not that much?

Honestly, I can’t tell . Because the statue is all white, I can’t tell hair color and such~

I have a certain feeling that Water God-sama may be happy-go-lucky . As far as looking at the communication between Syl and Water God-sama’s Chief retainer . They seem to have some hardships .

Maa, isn’t that okay? If he butted in now and took Allen and Elena away, I would be lonely .

Ah, right, right . I wanted to ask Syl something today .

(Naa, Syl . (Temporary) has disappeared from the retainer in the race row, what does that mean?)

Right . A short after meeting Kaiser and acquiring【Telepathy】skill, I confirmed my status . At that time, I noticed that the (Temporary) had disappeared from the race row before I noticed .

(Un . Takumi-san, congratulations on your promotion)

(Haa?)

(Takumi-san has officially become my retainer~)

（Haaaa!?）

In my slightly absentminded ears, I hear Syl clapping his hands .

(It was slightly faster than I have expected~It was almost as planned)

………… Moreover, it was planned? You should have told me beforehand .

Rather, what is with this official retainer business! I didn’t hear anything about that .

As if perceiving my mind’s voice, Syl begins explaining regarding the official retainers .

(To become official retainer you see~ A symbol or perhaps should I say each has a role bestowed upon them when they become fully qualified)

Eh, symbol? Role?

(In other words, you are giving me work?)

(N~ It’s slightly different from work? In short, you look after your symbol . By the way, I’m the[Wind])

(So, what about me?)

（………）

（Syl?）

(……… It’s[Nurture]and[Education])

(……… Eh?)

Wait a moment…… What did Syl just say? …… Nurture and Education?

Why did something like that become my symbol? Is it related to Allen and Elena?

(Are? But, can something like that be a symbol of Wind God’s retainer?)

Because I’m Wind God’s retainer, nurture and education must be under Syl’s jurisdiction, right? He doesn’t have such image, though .

(That’s wrong![Nurture]and[Education]is Malianor-sama’s territory! It can’t be helped because Takumi-san has received Malianor-sama’s blessing, but~ Takumi-san is my retainer, you know? Why don’t you have a role related to the wind!?)

N? What, Syl unusually lost his temper…… Did I possibly touch a subject that shouldn’t be touched?

Did Syl lose his temper because my symbol is not related to the wind? Wich reminds me, he was making a fuss when it came to the attribute of the contracted beast too .

But, this is not something I can fix .

(It’s not as I have decided it, so there’s nothing I can do, right?)

(That is true, but……)

He’s like a sulking child……

(So, what should I do from now on?)

(Ah, yes . Umm, although you have become an official retainer, you will be alright if you continue as you were)

(Is that so?)

(Yes . As you know, nurturing those children is a sufficient duty . You are right on the mark . Ah, right! Takumi-san, there are items for you from Fire God)

(Haa!? Syl, wait a moment……--)

--Piron♪

Suddenly, Syl recalled some items and sent them to me . Before I could stop him, an electric sound of atrocity resounded…… When I timidly looked at the window screen, items with fire attributes were listed one after another . And outrageous amount at that .

Again!

This is really so abrupt I don’t know what’s what anymore . Why is Fire God-sama sending me items?

(Syl, I don’t know the reason behind this, but……)

(It’s gratitude for development of cooking on Aetherdia)

(N……?)

Development of cooking…… what is he talking about?

(Takumi-san, Kashi-pan is popular in Shirin, right? Currently, far from the whole Guardia, that Kashi-pan is spreading to other countries, you know~ Also the soup called miso you have made on the expedition with the Knights . That has already become Shirin’s staple product, you know!)

Eh? That’s news .

I saw Kashi-pan while walking around Bailey, so I thought that it was already introduced there~ but, isn’t it too early to spread to other countries?

I certainly made a miso soup during the expedition with the Knights . The Knights who tasted it asked how to make it, so I have taught them the existence of miso, but…… Not only the Knights but a staple of Shirin?

(Besides, the soy sauce dish you have cooked with will probably spread immediately as well . That will spread in no time, you know?)

(Soy sauce dish? tte, that thing, butter and soy sauce! There certainly was a queue for that, but wasn’t that just because it was unusual? That’s exaggerated~)

(I think that Takumi-san doesn’t know, but there has been no development of cooking on Aetherdia in the last several hundred years, you know? Although there were some changes, there were no new dishes that got popular like those of Takumi-san)

（You jest～）

That’s ridiculous . There’s no way there was no development in several hundred years, right?

I guess Syl is exaggerating a bit .

(There really was no development . That’s why nearly every dish no matter what ingredients is salt-based)

Certainly…… The meals we ate at the Inn were mostly seasoned with just salt .

If it’s only ingredients, it’s not that different from Earth, no…… it’s more abundant than that . Because there are the same ingredients as on Earth, then there are ingredients that drop from monsters, the number of ingredients is absolutely higher on Aetherdia .

But, even though the dishes aren’t bad, there’s not much variety .

Eeh!? Then, there really was no development for several hundred years!?

(If you eat an ingredient that is[Exquisite]just as it is, people will stop devising further, after all)

（………… I see）

Ah~ I think I can understand that~

Rather than untactfully seasoning meat, simply seasoning it with salt may give it the best taste or a supreme fruit that’s said to make you happy just by eating it as it is .

Rather than honing their cooking skills, they rather concentrate their efforts on how to obtain such ingredient .

(Because of that, the Fire God was in great joy . Cooking is Fire God’s territory, after all . Therefore, that’s the gratitude for that . Also, the bestowal of 【Fire Magic】skill and contracted beast has been prepared)

How grandiose . But, I would be glad to use fire magic . There are monsters that wind and water have a bad affinity with, after all . It’s not a bad thing to have at hand .

Also, a contracted beast, huh~ Now after it has come so far, I have no problems with having one more beast . I’m just worried about what kind of child it is .

(Listen well, Takumi-san . Next time, please do your best in the wind territory, okay!)

Although Syl has reminded me of that, it’s not something I can aim towards so it’s impossible . Give up .




Chapter 53

[[Ukyaa~]]

[Wafu~][Gau~]

The next day after arriving in the town of Bailey . I brought Allen and Elena to an unpopular coast . I had remembered that when we arrived at the sea, we have immediately met with Mirena-san and went to the mermaid village, so we couldn’t thoroughly enjoy the beach .

After arriving at the sea, Allen and Elena together with the summoned Joule and Feat charged into the sea .

[[Take~]]

[Wafu][Gau]

[[Ukyaa~]]

[Wafu~n][Gau~]

It appears that they have begun playing in the seawater at the shallow . Allen and Elena are splashing water at Feat and Joule with both of their hands .

They are not wearing the mermaid bracelets today . Because of that, Allen and Elena who went in fully clothed are drenched from head to toes . Maa, something like this may be good once in a while .

[Is Bolt not going to play?]

[Piii, pii]

He’s probably saying[I will have to decline] . Bolt quietly stays on my shoulder .

I gently stroke Bolt and sit on the sandy beach while watching the children play .

[Wafu][Gau]

[[Hiya~]]

Ah, Joule and Feat threw themselves on Allen and Elena, and a light basha~n noise resounded from the sea .

Oh boy . Maa, Joule, and Feat didn’t throw themselves on them with their full power, so they are probably not injured .

--Buruburuburuburu .

[[Unya~!!]]

When Allen and Elena got up, Joule and Feat shook, and all of the water in their fur flew out .

Ah~ That will of course splash water everywhere……

After finishing splashing water, Joule and Feat run away at full speed .

[Joule!!]

[Feat!!]

Allen and Elena began chasing after Joule and Feat who ran away .

Because Joule and Feat are not running away seriously, Allen and Elena catch up immediately, jump on and hug the backs of the two animals .

[[Caught~]]

Maa, they usually act as ordinary pets, but they are without a doubt, S-Rank beasts . If Joule and Feat were escaping seriously, as expected Allen and Elena wouldn’t be able to catch them so easily .

[[Kyaa~]]

[Wafu][Gau]

This time, Allen and Elena started running away . Joule and Feat chase after them . That’s definitely the game of tag .

[[Ah, crab~]]

While running around, chasing each other, a Sand Crab appeared before the two children and two animals .

[Wafu]

It was Joule’s turn to escape this time, so the Sand Crab got blow away by the legs of the running Joule . Peshi, Joule just lightly touched it with its forepaw . And yet, the Sand Crab got blown off and ceased to move .

Oi, oi, that was heartless just now…… it felt as if Joule was walking along the road and kicked a pebble . The opponent was a monster, but being knocked down before the battle even started is somewhat pitiful .

[Pii]

Bolt caught the Sand Crab that washed ashore in its feet and brought it to me .

It seems that both Joule and Bolt are pleased with the securing of the spoils of war . Let’s at least make something delicious from it .

--Basha

[Uwa!!]

W, what!?

The weather was nice and warm, so I have apparently dozed off a little . Then, a lot of water was came flying towards me…… I’m drenched from head to toes .

[[Ehehehe~]]

[Wafu~][Gau~]

We have done it, I saw children making such expressions . It seems that the children have splashed me with water .

[Piii]

Bolt has cried in a worry, but Bolt himself shrewdly evacuated . If you had enough time to evacuate, I would like you to inform me as well……

[Hey, you guys!]

[[Ukya~]]

[Wafu~][Gau~]

When I stood up, pretending to be angry, they have entered the sea . Then, the two children and two animals escape while swimming . Seeing how good time they have, they must know that I’m not really mad .

I stop at the depth where the water hits my knees, manipulate the seawater with water magic and make a large wave . I send that wave towards the children .

It’s that . The wave pool that’s in certain water parks . It has such feeling .

The wave washes the children bodies which floated on the sea surface ashore .

[[Kyahaha~]]

Allen and Elena were smiling after being swept by a wave . It seems they found it amusing .

[Onii~cha~n♪]

[One mo~re♪]

Allen and Elena who were carried ashore swam back to the open sea and requested me to do it again .

[Here, it’s coming~]

[[Ye~s]]

I make a wave with magic one more time, and the wave carries Allen and Elena back .

[[Kyahaha~]]

Allen’s and Elena’s laughter resounded again .

Because they apparently liked it, they asked me[One more time][One more time]many times over . Answering to their request, I repeat using water magic . This is unexpectedly good practice for water magic . After repeating it around ten times--

--Piron♪

[Oh]

This sound…… has the contracted beast that the Fire God sent arrived?




Chapter 54

I heard an electric sound just like when Feat and Bolt came, a big animal appeared in my field of vision and then it approached me .

[Haa!?]

…… Surely…… not?

A big lion with red fur has appeared in front of me .

Elephant size? Ah but, I have never seen an elephant up close so I can’t say for sure . But, it would be at least such size .

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】

【Race】Scarlet King Leo (Takumi’s Contracted beast)

【Age】7

【Level】33

【Skills】

Fire Magic | Claw Slash | Roar | Charge | Crush

Shrink | Night Vision | Presence Detection

＝＝＝＝＝

Uwaa~…… an outrageous animal has turned up .

When I immediately check using appraisal, it’s without a doubt the contracted beast that the Flame God-sama has sent for me .

Scarlet King Leo is an S-Rank monster . Moreover, it’s ferocious monster often called with names such as[Man-Eating Lion],[Bloodthirsty Lion]or[Red Devil] .

I have nothing to criticize about its fighting power, but…… this, I can’t possibly take it along?

No matter how you look, isn’t it a target of fear?

[You have been sent by the Fire God-sama, right?]

[Garuru]

Un, just a little purr is so powerful because of its size .

[Ah~ Best regards . Umm, right…… Vector . You are Vector]

[Garu]

Is he happy? It looks fierce, but isn’t it unexpectedly affable?

[Ah~ Vector . Could you become smaller? I can’t see your face like this]

[Garu]

When I said so, Vector shone slightly and turned into a large-breed dog size lion .

A~…… Vector’s appearances are very characteristic so even though he became the size of a large dog, he’s still a red lion .

…… This, won’t it be revealed right away that he’s Scarlet King Leo even though he became small?

[[Vector~?]]

[Garu]

Before I noticed, Allen and Elena approached Vector . Not only the children, even the senior contracted beast came near .

[Allen, Elena . Vector is also one of our children starting today . Get along well~]

[[Un]]

[Joule, Feat, and Bolt too . It’s our new companion . Be good to each other~]

[Wafu][Gau][Pii]

Putting aside the appearances, I prepare a collar for Vector at once . Would a matching one with Joule and others alright?

◇ ◇ ◇

When I got out of the sea, I fixed our soaking wet appearances with life magic’s《Washing》and《Dry》 .

After that I prepared the magic tools for Vector--A similar collar and bracelet Joule and Feat have .

[Here comes~ There~]

[Wafu]

[Here as well~ There~]

[Gau]

Vector became completely familiar with everyone and begun to play on the sandy beach .

Right now, Allen and Elena are throwing balls made of wood, and the contracted beasts are fetching them .

[Vector too~]

[Here comes~]

[Garu]

After Joule’s and Feat’s turn, it was Vector’s turn next . But--

[[Are~?]]

[O, oi? Vector, where are you going~?]

Vector went past the thrown ball and started vigorously running . And then, he suddenly disappeared from my sight .

Should I chase after him? While thinking so, Vector immediately returned .

[………?]

N? Vector is holding something in his mouth…… Wwha!!?

[Uwa! Vector . What’s that in your mouth!?]

Vector came with a person in his mouth .

It’s a woman . Vector holds a woman by the nape of her neck and running while dragging her body along .

When seeing from afar, I though it was blood because I saw red . However, it wasn’t blood, but her long red hair .

Don’t startle me like that…… I thought for a moment that Vector had bitten a person to death .

When Vector returned to my side, goron, he dropped the person in his mouth on the ground .

[He, hey! Are you all right!?]

I confirm the woman’s safety in a panic .

There was no response when I shook with her . It’s no doubt that she’s alive, but…… has she blacked out?

[……… Zzz]

No, wrong…… she’s sleeping… huh…… .

[[Sleeping~?]]

[…… Seems like it]

Munyamunya, I can hear a faint sleeper’s breath . How can she sleep so soundly in such situation?

This, is she really just sleeping? But, I don’t see any external wounds~

[Uu…… hungry……]

…… Moreover, it appears that she’s hungry . How carefree~

First of all, let’s confirm her status--

＝＝＝＝＝

Status

【Name】Vivian

【Race】Demon (Vampire)

【Occupation】Operative

【Age】147

【Level】54

【Skills】

Dagger Technique | Throwing

Darkness Magic | Life Magic

Dismantling | Fathom | Concealment | Leap

Stealthy Steps | Night vision

Lockpicking | Trap Disarm | Compounding

Magic Attack Resistance | Abnormal Status Resistance

【Titles】

Red Rose Princess

＝＝＝＝＝

Truly startling contents .

Rather, she’s a demon! Moreover, a vampire!

Demons on Aetherdia have the same treatment as the coexisting Elves and Dwarves . Hostile against humans or worshipping Maou that wants to destroy the world…… they are not such beings . There are just fewer in numbers than other races while living longer lives .

At a glance, this person is no different from a human . Moreover, she seems to be of the same generation as me, yet she’s 147 years old . How long was the life span of vampire again? Were they able to easily live past a millennium?

Her skill composition is incredible!

It may be just my imagination, but her skills are as if an assassination was her family business . She’s actually an operative .

[Vector, was this person collapsed over there?]

[Garu]

[I see]

Vector purred proudly for some reason . He probably tried to give a helping hand .

[But, Vector . Dragging along is no good . This is a sandy beach, you could have injured her]

[Garu~n…]

Vector is obviously disheartened .

[N, no, I’m not angry . Be more careful next time, okay?]

[Garu!]

I’m not angry, but I must discipline him, so he doesn’t go around picking up strange things . I thought such .

Nevertheless, what to do about this person……

--Guu~~~

……………

It’s almost noon, shall I prepare the lunch~

The meal would get covered with sand here so let’s move somewhere else first……




Chapter 55

This happened a few days after arriving at the town of Shirin .

◆ ◆ ◆

[Excuse me]

[Ou, welcome]

[I heard you sell white wheat here, do you have it?]

[White wheat? We have it]

Right . White wheat! Today, I have come to purchase rice .

White wheat is not popular, so people who know of it and stores that sell it are few, so I had troubles finding it . I visited a store from a store and finally found it .

I got onigiri and boiled rice from Syl, but it wasn’t that much . I’m glad I could find it before running out .

I don’t dislike bread, but as expected, as a Japanese, I want to regularly eat rice .

[What Niisan, you keep cattle?]

[No . That’s not the case, but can I purchase it?]

[Ou . That’s no problem . I will bring it, wait a moment]

As expected, it appears that White wheat does not have any other use than feeding the domestic animals . Therefore, rather than saying that I’m going to “eat it” and being looked at with strange eyes, it’s better to deceive somehow .

The shopkeeper brought a jute bag with White wheat from inside the store . From the looks of it, it’s about five kg .

[Is this alright?]

When I confirm the bag contents, it’s indeed a rice!

Neatly polished white grains of rice are inside the bag . I imagined it would have rice husks, or it would not be unpolished, but it’s unexpectedly in a good bearing .

This can be used immediately .

[I would like a little more, but do you have more?]

[I don’t mind . How much would you like?]

[…… How much are you selling?]

If it can be bought, I want to secure rather a lot .

Because there’s no quality improvement, I think that the taste will be less than that of Japan’s rice, but it’s better than life without rice .

Even if it’s not good to eat as white rice, depending on the seasonings, risotto or Chinese fried rice should be no problem .

[We have currently four bags in the store altogether . There’s no problem selling all of it . We would have to stock up for more which would take time]

Four bags…… around twenty kg, huh .

[If there’s no problem selling them, I will purchase all four bags]

[Ooh, I alright . I will carry them out]

I buy out all White wheat from the store and leave the store chuckling to myself .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Now then, since there’s no rice cooker, it’s the pot . Can I do it well, I wonder……]

I started preparing outside the city to try making rice with White wheat .

--Piron♪

N?

Before I even tried to start to cook the rice, I heard an electrical sound inside my head .

[It’s Syl, isn’t it? ……《Open》]

When I opened the menu screen, a new item has appeared on the item list .

[Ooh, this is!]

Rice cooker! A rice cooker that uses fire magic stone instead of electrical outlets has been delivered to me . Usage is the same as the electrical one, insert rice and water and switch on! It appears to automatically stop when the rice is done .

It seems that it can’t retain the warmth because it’s just a tool to cook, but this is still wonderful .

Gratitude to Syl! Thank you!!

After immediately taking it out of《Infinite Storage》and using it, the rice was done in ten minutes . It’s faster than fast cooking! Very wonderful!

[Hot…… ngu]

I tried eating the cooked rice right away .

Ah, it tastes normal . It won’t be a problem using it like white rice .

[Allen, Elena . Ahh~]

Allen and Elena were fixedly jii~… staring at me, so when I presented the spoon with rice in front of them, the two pakan opened their mouths . They look like little chicks wanting to get fed .

When I put the rice in each’s mouth, the two mogumogu savor the taste .

[How is it?]

[[…… Delish~]]

[I see . I’m glad]

Allen and Elena smile slightly .

I think that I’m really glad that rice suits the two’s tastes . I would prepare something different for them if they didn’t like it, but as expected, I would be a little sad if they didn’t like rice .

Now then, shall I make the remaining rice into easy to eat onigiri?

However, there’s no nori . Moreover, I’m worried that the salt won’t hold it together, so I’d like to at least use as a garnish… garnish, huh…… because I have not obtained ingredients for seafood yet, I don’t have salmon or cod…… for the same reason okaka, kombu, and seaweed can’t be cooked .

Tuna-mayo…… I don’t have tuna . Rather, how do you prepare tuna? Soak the tuna fillet in oil and heat at a low temperature? Let’s try after getting my hands on tuna .

Tenmusu? Again…… . shrimps are also ingredients from the sea……

Thinking like this, there are many ingredients of the sea used with rice, aren’t there~

Other than sea…… umeboshi? I do have plum-like fruit, but it’s no umeboshi .

Leaf mustard? I have something resembling which it could be made from, but I’m bad at it so it’s rejected .

I need to prepare chicken while cooking rice . It’s not possible this time, but the ingredients are likely to gather, so let’s try next time .

Muu~ What else is thereee? I unexpectedly can’t remember…… .

◆ ◆ ◆

In the end, I had no choice, but to preserve the rice in the《Infinite Storage》that day .

Therefore, with the ingredients I have bought at the harbor’s morning market, I will take my revenge!

What I’m preparing is a grilled salmon-like fish .

I made a fake tuna-mayo with a tinge of red slices of tuna-like fish . I think it turned out quite well .

The rest is seasoned with minced kombu and soy sauce . I finely chopped the katsuobushi in order to prepare okaka .

I have also prepared a nori-looking seaweed . First, I washed the seaweed well, finely chopped it, stretched it thin and flat, removed the moisture with water magic, and dried it using life magic’s《Dry》 .

The texture was a little rough, but it turned out to be a proper nori . You can do it if you try!

Now then, let’s cook the rice . I prepared the ingredients and nori . Ah, also the salt . I splurged a little and bought the best salt .

Now then, all that’s left is to shape it!

[Yosh, it’s done!]

After shaping a large amount of onigiri, I made a soup using the Sand Crab’s legs .

[Everyone~ The meal is done~]

[[Mea~l]]

[Kyan][Na~][Pii][Garu]

To my call, the children were playing slightly further away, rushed back all at once .

Because I don’t know when Vivian-san will wake up, I had Joule and Feat turn into their small forms and gave up on Bolt’s and Vector’s situation .

I’m thinking of deceiving by saying that I contracted them when they were weakened or when they were small .

[…… Zzz…… N? Meal!?]

While thinking so, Vivian-san has awakened .

[Meal . Where is the meal~?]

Somehow… although beauty, she feels like a woman with a plenty of unfortunates……




Chapter 56

[[Itadakima~su]]

[Kyan][Na~][Pii][Garu]

Allen and Elena began eating the onigiri and soup slowly on the plates I served in front of them after doing before meal manners .

The Contracted beasts properly imitated the two and begun eating .

When I saw everyone start to eat, I offered onigiri and soup to Vivian-san who was enviously looking at the children .

[Is that okay!? Wa~ Itadakimasu!]

Because the children started eating first, Vivian-san was able to judge that onigiri is food, but “I wonder what this is……” she started eating after hesitating . However, after two, three bites, she started stuffing her cheeks in a trance .

[Hagu, hagu…… ngun, gu……]

She offered the onigiri to her stomach with a great vigor . Baku, baku, baku, such sound effects could be heard .

[Allen, Elena . This is are yours, so eat slowly, okay?]

It appears Allen and Elena thought that the unrestricted Vivian-san would eat even their shares . They sped up their eating speed in a hurry .

But, the two became relieved after my caution and nodded while chewing with stuffed cheeks, restoring their pace of eating .

[By the way, it seems you collapsed because of hunger, but what happened?]

[Ngu! Ngun, gu!]

[No…… it’s fine after you finish eating……]

[Ngu!]

When I asked what happened, Vivian-san started talking with her mouth crammed with onigiri .

I have no idea what she’s saying, her manners are bad . Because it’s no good for Allen and Elena to imitate her, I decided to talk after the meal .

Then, Vivia-san resumed eating silently .

Nonetheless, she can eat well……

[Iya~ I’m stuffed~ Thank you for the meal]

The massive amount of onigiri disappeared just like that .

[Ah, I’m called Vivian . Vivi or Vivian, call me however you like . Incidentally, what was that from a little while ago~ I have never eaten something like that~]

[Yeah, it’s white wheat cooked in water]

[White wheat, is it? That feed for domestic animals?]

Ah, I did it now…… rice on Aetherdia is used as feed for domestic animals, isn’t it? I completely forgot .

[I’m sorry . Because we eat White White as everyday meals in my hometown, I ended up offering it to you without thinking . Have I offended you?]

[No, no . It was delicious, so there’s no problem . Nevertheless, the white wheat, huh~ I have no idea it was something so delicious~]

Even after hearing about the white wheat, Vivian-san wasn’t offended . Rather, she seems to have liked it . I’m glad……

I have to be more careful to what I offer to people from now on . Some people would misunderstand or be insulted, after all .

[Iya~ Oniisan is skilled at cooking, aren’t you~ Are? Oniisan? Or is it Papa-san?]

Before I noticed, Vivian-san was talking to Allen and Elena .

[[……? Onii~ chan]]

Allen and Elena who should not have any vigilance towards Vivian-san hesitated for a moment and answered .

…… I wonder what happened?

Since Vivian-san is here, I shouldn’t haste to confirm . I must not forget to check later .

[So it was Oniisan~ But, the reaction was bad, wasn’t it~ Are you perhaps, in fact, Papa-san?]

[I’m the elder brother……]

It seems Vivian-san noticed Allen and Elena hesitating too .

Rather, what is she thinking, this person……

[I’m sorry~ People’s secrets are my favorite food! Uncovering hidden things is fun, isn’t it~]

[……]

Vivian-san--no, just Vivian, should be fine now……

Vivian notices my “amazement” and starts speaking even more .

I don’t think it can be called impressive, but maa, it’s most likely[Hobby=Work]in her case .

[So, why did you collapse, Vivian?]

[Iya~ I wonder why?]

[…… Don’t ask me]

…… This person, is she playing around?

[Umm, umm…… ah, that’s right! I have remembered! I have moved out of the town, but I forgot to purchase food . That’s why I endured on the local procurement, but there was no harvest for the past two, three days……]

[When you notice you don’t have food, return to the town!]

[Ooh! That’s certainly true . Iya~ I will somehow manage~ I thought so and didn’t pay further attention to it!]

[……]

[Right, right, I have to report in Albert Town for my work, but where is this?]

[…… Here is nearby of the town of Bailey]

[Aree?]

Albert Town is in the east of Bailey, it’s a town in the south of the royal capital .

I don’t know which town Vivian has departed from, but if she didn’t cross the sea on a ship from a foreign country, being in Bailey’s surroundings is strange .

[How strange? Maa but, I still have plenty of time to report, so it will be okay! Right, right, this time’s job was too easy~ I had to do a background investigation on the marriage partner of a certain noble lady, but the target of the investigation was a man . Surprisingly, he kept a commoner’s daughter in the house! That was so impressive~ He had no intention to hide it . The story came out just after asking a servant a little . Honestly, I didn’t even have to infiltrate as a seravant~]

No, I have not asked about the contents of your work…… why have you stuck out your tongue out after talking!

[Oops, even though I have time to report, I shouldn’t take it too slow, right? Then, I’m going okay~ Ah, right . This is my thanks for the meal]

Vivian who suddenly stood unfastened the bag on her waist and presented me several small bottles filled with some liquids .

[You don’t have to mind it really]

[No, no, please accept it]

Vivan forcibly pushed the small bottles in my hands .

…… I wonder what this is?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Drops of Crimson Rose】

A vampire specially made aphrodisiac .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts approximately four to five hours .

Excellent product with no side effects . Women exclusive use .

＝＝＝＝＝

＝＝＝＝＝

【Drops of White Rose】

A vampire specially made energy drug .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts approximately four to five hours .

Excellent product with no side effects . Men exclusive use .

＝＝＝＝＝

Wwha!!?

I got astonished after appraising the small bottles .

[Hey! This!!]

[Ah, looks like you know what kind of medicine it is . This is a medicine I made, but the effect is exceptional, it’s quite popular~ Please, try it by all means . Njaa, thank you for the meal~]

[Oi, wait!]

Vivian departed with quick movements .

[[Gone~?]]

[Yeah……]

Seriously, what’s with that fellow…… besides, what am I supposed to do with this……

I, haa…… sigh and store the small bottles in the《Infinite Storage》 . I have decided to hoard it in the《Infinite Storage》as it is .

[[…… Onii~ chan]]

[What is it?]

[[What is Papa~? ]]

[Eh?]

When I hang down my head dejectedly, Allen and Elena asks me a surprising question .

Surely not…… but…… perhaps……?

[…… Umm, Allen, Elena, do you know who a father or Otousan is?]

Allen and Elena shake their heads to my question .

Acha~…… these two don’t know about something like family…… so this is why they hesitated to Vivian’s question……

I see, well, of course, ~ They had no one to teach them, so they don’t know~

I thought the two knew because they called me[Onii~ chan]as if it was natural .

Ah, I see . The towns’ people--especially Obaasan from the inn or the stores called out to Allen and Elena, but they also asked things such as[Are you going out with your Oniichan?]or[Oniisan, how about this for the children?]many times . Allen and Elena who heard that ended up calling me Oniichan……

[…… Umm, Papa is Otousan and that’s--]

First of all, I decided to not teach them only about Otousan, but also about Okaasan and siblings .

However, explaining is unexpectedly much harder than I thought……




Chapter 57

When we returned to the town from the sea, we made our way to the Adventurer’s Guild .

In order to learn about the materials around this town and to receive gathering requests of the materials, we have on hand .

I’m not troubled about money, but we receive requests regularly . You see, there is qualification invalidation term, right? Although I have three years to spare until the term, I would like to get into a habit of receiving requests .

After entering the guild, I first went to the requesting board, picked up a few requests after checking my materials and the requested materials and then lined up in the reception queue .

As it’s already evening, there are plenty of adventurers who have returned from work .

[Hello . Are you here to request a job?]

When my turn came, the receptionist woman greeted me . Apparently, I don’t look like an adventurer but someone who came to find a job…… Well, it can’t be helped .

I present my guild card at the counter .

[No . I’d like to accept this request]

[I’m sorry . So you were an adventurer . I have not seen you here before]

[I have just arrived at this town the other day]

[Is that so? Then, I will hold on this for a moment]

When the receptionist woman received the guild card, she started operating the crystal plate .

While she works, I take out the materials written on the requests and line them up on the counter .

[Eh! A-rank!?]

[Well, more or less……]

[Pardon my rudeness . Are all these materials matching the requests?]

[Yes, I have them all]

[I will verify]

The receptionist woman was surprised that I was an A-rank, but she immediately started checking the material . But, the receptionist woman who begun to work suddenly loudly shouted .

[Kyaaーーーーー!!!]

[!?]

[[Hiyaa]]

I was startled by her shriek like voice . Allen and Elena got startled as well as they cling to my leg .

[D, dungeon~! Y, you have discovered a new dungeon!?]

[Haa!?]

To my surprise, the receptionist woman shouted again .

It appears that she happen to see my【Dungeon record】while processing the material .

Still, what did she just say? New dungeon?

We have been only in the[Dungeon fo Earth]in Shirin and the[Dungeon of Ripples]which we went into a few days ago .

--That means, the Dungeon of Ripples was an undiscovered dungeon……

There are 108 dungeons on Aetherdia .

I know about all dungeons, but I am no aware which are publicly known .

I should have checked it……

We have unconsciously stepped into an undiscovered dungeon, and the trace was left listed on the guild card……

Is this bad? …… No, it’s all right . I can deceive!

The entrance was in the sea, but it’s quite easy to discover when diving…… un, it will be alright .

[We accidentally found it when playing in the sea]Let’s go with that!

It’s true anyway that we found it accidentally while swimming in the sea .

[Karen, what is it about a new dungeon?]

[T, this gentleman’s【Dungeon record】has[53rd Dungeon “Ripples”]entry recorded on it~]

[What!? --T, this is!]

When a male guild staff member run up to the receptionist woman--Karen-san, he raised his voice in surprise .

Seeing the man’s reaction, the other staff members gathered around, infecting the guild with noise .

Aah~…… even the adventurers in the guild have noticed now……

[Takumi-sama, is it really a dungeon!?]

[……?]

…… Eh? What’s that, what does she mean?

[You fool, Karen! What are you saying! It’s naturally a dungeon since it’s listed on the guild card!!]

“It might not be a dungeon” worry?

No, in the first place, I can’t orally report the discovery of a new dungeon .

By seeing it recorded on the guild card, the doubts that would float around will disappear .

Rather, this is more or less a personal information, isn’t it? I would like them to stop shouting so loudly, though…… where did the information concealment go?

[However, Shawn-san! Discovering a new dungeon is something very important]

[I know how important it is more than you!]

[But, but~]

[Karen, you stay quiet! What you are saying is unreasonable!]

[No, no, Shawn-san’s tension is ridiculous?]

Ah~…… can I already go? It’s fine, right?

Allen and Elena are withering under the surrounding’s attention……

First of all, let’s clean up the things I took ou--

[W, wait a moment, please! What are you doing!?]

Tsk! She noticed . I thought about stealthily escaping, but Karen-san has noticed……

[I’m leaving . Ah, return my guild card, please]

[Wha!! What are you doing! You can’t do that!]

Because I couldn’t escape, I seriously told my intentions . Karen-san holds my guild card in her hands, not willing to return it .

I’m hesitant to leave behind my ID, but…… shall I go as I am?

--I thought such, but before I noticed, the people that gathered around formed a barricade .

Although they have a reasonable distance, because they are all men with good builds, breaking through would be difficult .

Allen and Elena wither because of surroundings even more…… no, they are frightened .

I look at Karen-san while stroking Allen’s and Elena’s shoulder to soothe them .

[Why can’t I leave?]

[Why, you ask…… I, I mean, you have discovered a new dungeon? You have to tell us all about it!]

[Don’t wanna]

[Eh!]

[Although it’s a thing to be surprised about, I don’t want to talk to someone who irresponsibly shouts someone’s personal information]

[Eeeh!?]

There’s no doubt that【Dungeon record】is personal information . And yet, the staff which have the obligation to conceal it shouted out loud its contents .

People who were in the guild have totally paid attention to what was said and already found out about the new dungeon .

Because of my remark of not wanting to tell the guild, the people around started talking things such as[Does he plans to monopolize it?]or[No, he even had the first taste……] .

Disclosing personal information without the consent of the person in question . N~……

[Or did the rule of guild staff member’s[Can’t reveal personal information to others]got annulled without my knowing?]

[…… Ugu]

Hearing my words, Karen-san’s face gradually turned blue .

There’s no way such important rule got abolished . I’m sure Karen-san made a violation of her duties .

The male staff member--Shawn-san and other staff members made awkward expressions as well .

They have not rebuked Karen-san, they instead take advantage and rode on the opportunity with her .

Regarding that dungeon, it won’t be a problem even if it gets exposed--rather, I am troubled that it was exposed in this way, it’s a serious situation .

For instance, if it were “Allen and Elena captured advanced level dungeon”…… she would certainly be surprised, right? At that time, the two would get exposed and place them in a troublesome situation .

It’s just an example, but it may certainly happen one day……

Rather,【Request record】has already record of transaction of Gaya Forest’s materials . She has probably not looked properly yet, but it would be a noise making record when she does .

I have to keep it in control before that!

[What is this ruckus!!]

[[Gu, guild master!!]]

In the meanwhile, overhearing the ruckus, a solidly build man in his fifties walks from the inner part of the guild . He has a former adventurer feeling around him?

He appears to be the guild master here .




Chapter 58

[Are you the cause of the ruckus?]

The guild master clearly said that while looking at me .

Well, I’m confronting the staff members, and other adventurers are surrounding me . It can’t be helped that I’m seen like that .

[You might say that I’m the cause, but I’m not the one who started it]

[What do you mean?]

[It started because these staff members shouted out loud our personal information]

[What!? Is that truth!!]

At my complaint, the guild master vigorously turned towards his subordinates .

[Ah…… umm……]

[What is it! Speak clearly!!]

[B, because there was information about a new dungeon, I unconsciously screamed out!! I’m terribly sorry!!]

Karen-san frightened by the guild master’s angry voice reported about the dungeon while bowing down .

[What!? …… Is that story true?]

[Ye, yes . It’s certainly stated in this person’s【Dungeon record】]

[Which is it?]

[This one~]

Oi, guild master . You shouldn’t be confirming【Dungeon record】in this situation……

[So, where is this dungeon?]

[That is…… umm…… he doesn’t want to tell……]

[…… Is that so? Why?]

[Therefore!! Please don’t divert the problem . I’m not saying that I don’t want to tell the location of the dungeon . I just don’t want to tell it to an organization that discloses personal information!!]

Because the discussion seemed to go off track, I immediately argued vehemently .

Seriously, I would like you not to forget that!

[……]

All the staff members are silent .

[Umm, you see…… that……]

[Anyhow, lead me to a separate room first please!]

[That’s right, sorry . Could you follow to my office?]

The guild master shows me to his office while awkwardly scratching his cheek .

Haa…… let’s go for now……

Ah~ Even though I came to the guild in order to sell materials, thinking it would be immediately over…… the ruckus took more time that was planned .

It’s almost time for a meal~ Rather than reporting the dungeon, Allen’s and Elena’s meal is more important……

However, it doesn’t look like I will be able to leave without reporting . Will I be able to leave faster if I report this quickly?

Haa……

◇ ◇ ◇

We were guided to the guild master’s office .

Are fellow travelers include Karen-san and another three staff members .

[First of all, including me, our staff members want to apologize]

[[[We are sorry]]]

When we settle in the office’s sofa, the guild master and the staff members give words of apology simultaneously .

[Even if was a discovery of a new dungeon, that remark in such place was absurd . I’m really sorry]

They really seemed to think they were at fault and apologized sincerely .

[I would like to hear the details properly later, but…… that, um……]

[Suspension or salary cut, is it?]

[…… Yeah, that’s right . Would be asking to pardon the dismissal too much as expected?]

[I don’t care . I would just like to ask you not to disclose personal information next time]

[Of course . I will teach them properly]

When I accept, Karen-san was obviously relieved .

As for me, as long as the information management is solid, I don’t mind using the guild policy for the treatment of staff . I’d like to avoid awkward relations with the guild . I plan to use the guild in the future as well .

At any rate, since it’s impossible to hide the information that has flowed, it would be better to sell as much kindness to the guild as possible .

Well, I won’t forgive them next time, though!

[Ah~ Then……]

[The dungeon, is it?]

[That’s right . In a case that a new dungeon was discovered…… since the location is clearly indicated on the guild card this time, the feudal lord would be notified about the discovery, he would dispatch his people, and those will confirm the location with the guild]

Hee~ The feudal lord is immediately notified about a new dungeon~

But, if the discoverer didn’t have a guild card, that discoverer would be the only evidence, so it seems that the guild would investigate before notifying the feudal lord .

[You will be rewarded with a prize if the country officially recognizes it . Of course, if you present the guild with information about the dungeon, you will also receive a reward from the guild]

Since the existence of the dungeon has already spread, there’s no need to hesitate . If I hide things, I would get entangled with some weird fellows .

Well, I don’t really care about the prize from the country, though……

[I understand . I will tell you]

[Really!]

[Yes . The dungeon is[53rd “Ripples”] . It’s an intermediate difficulty dungeon with 30 floors . It appears to be a dungeon of a water attribute

[Water attribute!]

I report the basic information first . Most of it is recorded on the guild card, so I think anyone would understand after looking, but just in case .

About the attribute, I’m pretty sure it’s “water . ”

[The place is along the coast, east side of the town . Do you know of the largish reef in the sea about ten minutes by foot from the shore?]

[Yeah . It’s the one not far away from the beach, right?]

[Yes, that’s right]

Whether because it’s close to the town, guild master immediately grasped the location .

[There is an entrance to the dungeon in that rock]

[What!?]

[Eh?]

[This close!?]

[No way……]

Hearing about the entrance to the dungeon in the reef, the guild staff were taken aback by its closeness .

Because it had not been discovered so far, I thought it was in a place where people could not go .

[Incidentally, the entrance is in the sea]

[What a thing……]

Everyone hangs their heads this time . They are all people with rich reactions……

[Yeah, also, it’s about 50 meters of a complete channel to the entrance . If you’d like to confirm, it would be necessary for me to accompany you]

[What?]

[Because there’s no place to take a breath, you can only advance while holding it . If you can’t prepare a necessary magic tool, you better choose the right person to investigate]

[……]

I think that the person who would go for the investigation would be someone who is used to move around, but if by chance it’s a person with an office job, he wouldn’t be able to follow .

[How did you enter?]

[I have confidence in my lung capacity]

[I, is that so……]

Because it’s not like the mermaid bracelet is not around at all, it should be all right to tell about it, but I decided to keep it hidden for the time being . I would be troubled if they asked the source, after all .

[…… Takumi-san is A-rank, after all . That much surely wouldn’t be trouble]

[[[A-rank!?]]]

When Karen-san muttered in admiration, other members reacted .

Yeah, they weren’t aware of my rank . However, guild master…… didn’t you see the crystal as well? Well, having his eyes nailed on the【Dungeon record】it’s probably natural that he didn’t notice……

I was slightly amazed and let out a sigh .

[[Onii~ chan, hungry~]]

Allen and Elena interrupt the conversation by pulling on my clothes and stating their hunger .

[I’m sorry~ We have already finished, shall we go for a meal?]

[[Un]]

[Well then, it’s all right to end the story about the dungeon here, isn’t it?]

I decided to cut off the discussion immediately . Fortunately, I have finished providing the minimum necessary information .

[Well then, we will excuse ourselves here . Allen, Elena, let’s go~]

[[Ye~s]]

[Eh? Wai… . . oi!?]

I have heard the guild master trying to stop me, but I ignored that and promptly left the office with Allen and Elena .

When I returned to the guild hall, the adventurers who heard about the dungeon were waiting . Because I wouldn’t like to be caught by those people, I told them[I had told the guild the location of the guild, so please ask them] .

Would it be all right for now like this?

Now then, the meal, the meal . Where shall we have the dinner?




Chapter 59

The next day .

After eating breakfast in the dining room of the inn, we were relaxing in the room .

Then, the sub master of the Adventurer’s Guild came to visit .

Apparently, they went to the dungeon overnight or early in the morning and seemed to have finished checking .

The dungeon is nearby after all . Just going to take a look shouldn’t take much time .

And they are on their way to report to the feudal lord now . It seems they have applied for an appointment yesterday and decided on meeting this morning .

So, we were told to go along . [Why me as well?]when I asked,[What is the discoverer asking about!!]I was scolded .

No, I wasn’t aware I have to accompany you .

That being the case, we have arrived at the lord’s mansion .

Well, I really didn’t feel like resisting and thought that saying hello to the feudal lord might not be bad, so I went along obediently, though .

Thus, after being shown to a room and told to wait, a middle-aged man in his thirties along with an elderly man soon entered the room .

I have not used appraisal, but judging by the garments, the young man looks more like the Feudal Lord-sama . But this person, haven’t I seen him before somewhere……

[You are Takumi-san? How do you do? Cedric Risner is my name]

[Eh? …… Risner?]

Feudal Lord-sama speaks as if he knew about me .

I have not met him before, but his surname is Risner . And his silver hair and grayish blue eyes, perhaps……?

[Oya? Have you not heard from Isaac?]

[…… Acquaintances, only]

[That fellow again…… I’m really sorry for my younger brother . He surely kept silent to surprise you]

Younger brother!!

That means this Feudal Lord-sama is Shirin’s Knights Order’s Risner-sama’s oniisan!

Ah, I see . That’s why Risner-sama wrote me a letter of introduction when I told him that I’m going to Bailey~

I was a little bit surprised that Risner-sama was the one who wrote me the letter of introduction since Derrick-sama and Wald-sama who are of a high peerage rank, and the advisor of the order Callan-sama were there .

At that time, I simply thought that he was just writing to someone he knows .

I thought that Risner-sama had a good relationship with the Feudal Lord-sama of Bailey judging by his way of speech…… but, to think they were family……

If they are relatives, Risner-sama was the most suitable to write the letter of introduction, wasn’t he?

[In Shirin, Risner-sama…… I am indebted to Isaac-sama very much]

[No, no, it was in a letter, but I inquired about Takumi-san . You are Isaac’s lifesaver . Thank you very much for helping my brother]

[Ah, raise your head please!!]

I was surprised at him suddenly lowering his head right after greeting me . I hurry up and stop Oniisan .

[It is I who should thank Risner-sama…… ah~ I’m sorry . Is it alright to call you Cedric-sama?]

Ah~…… it would be confusing calling both brothers Risner-sama…… however, calling him by his name without permission would be impolite . First, let’s ask for permission……

[Yes, certainly . Honorifics are unnecessary too]

[No, that much is……]

[Then, let’s settle on “san . ” Of course, I don’t mind if you call Isaac that way as well . I give you permission as his elder brother]

[No, but……]

[Let’s get along]

He has a gentle smile, but an overbearing way of calling has been decided . Un, it doesn’t seem that I will be able to refuse .

But, it would be impossible without honorifics, so please forgive me for adding “san . ”

[I was under Isaac-san’s care . I had also received a letter of introduction when leaving Shirin . It’s a little late, but this is the letter]

It’s different from my plan, but I hand over the letter I got from Isaac-san to Cedric-san .

[That’s right, that! I’ve heard from Isaac that he gave you a letter of introduction, so when you arrived at this town, I thought you would immediately visit me, you know?]

[Are? He certainly asked me to visit you, but…… I didn’t have any plans on receiving a favor, you know?]

Just receiving aid would make me feel awkward and I had no plans on making things difficult for him .

[Eh?]

[N?]

Are we misunderstanding something……?

[…… Umm, let’s rely on him if something occurs…… is what you were thinking?]

[…… Well, you could say that]

I feel like I’m counting on the noble’s authority, but that’s really it when speaking frankly…… helping when in trouble . When there’s really, really no other way . I thought to ask for help only then .

[…… Isaac that fellow]

It seems that Isaac-san has told Cedric-san something different .

Isaac-san…… what have you told him……

[May I ask what Isaac-san has written in the letter?]

[Yes . About the happenings in Shirin, Takumi-san’s arrival to Bailey, and he asked me to lend you a hand . Those were the contents]

Indeed, those contents make it seems as if it has already been decided that I would come to visit the feudal lord .

…… Are? Perhaps…… did I mistake the meaning behind the letter of introduction?

Regardless of what I plan on doing, I should have visited here first, or something……?

Uwa~ have I done it……

[There was a report from the gatekeeper that Takumi-san has arrived, but that was the reason you weren’t coming, I see]

[…… Eh?]

Wait a minute!

While I was worried about the interpretation of the letter of introduction, Cedric-san said something that can’t be disregarded .

[Cedric-san, what do you mean by the gatekeeper’s report……]

[I had notified the gatekeepers to let me know when Takumi-san arrives in the town immediately]

Wow . Cedric-san, you have given such orders……

[That was futile as well, though]

[…… I’m sorry]

[No, no . I was selfishly waiting so don’t mind it . But that being the case, I would have been nice if you visited . Oh yeah, Takumi-san made a new bread in Shirin and spread it, right? Actually, it was also written in Isaac’s letter, and because a detailed recipe wasn’t necessary, it has already spread through our town]

[Ah, yes . I saw it selling in a shop]

It was only jam buns, and bread with dried fruit and nuts mixed in, but as fruits and nuts are abundant here, the variety definitely increased .

[Takumi-san . If possible, won’t you please tell me the recipes of the things called Cream bread and Anpan? Of course, I will reward you]

[I would like to ask about this . A reward is not necessary . It’s just, about the shops, but……]

[I heard from Isaac about this as well . If there’s no fuss about the store, I will introduce it to a wholesale store that sells bread to our house, the other stores will be properly supported by the Risner house]

Because Allen and Elena love Cream bread, I want to make it efficient to replenish . That’s why I intended to have it made in a shop somewhere .

Regarding the custard cream, I think I’m willing to publish the recipe, but that would make it difficult to Road-san, wouldn’t it~ I should take this proposal from Cedric-san and teach him how to manage the recipe safely, right?

As for the red bean paste, you just need to boil sweet red legume, so I thought it would appear in other shops even without the recipe, but…… that doesn’t seem to be the case .

[I’m fine with a store that Cedric-san recommends]

[Ayy~ I’m looking forward to it . Isaac boasted in the letter how delicious it is, so I was extremely interested, you know?]

Eeh!? It’s just a normal Cream bread and Anpan, you know? Isaac-san, why are you raising the hurdle that much!?

While Cedric-san and I are having such discusison--

[Umm~……]

[[Ah]]

The sub master who was left behind flusteredly raised voice .

Un, Cedric-san and I completely forgot the sub master’s existence .




Chapter 60

[Yeah . Gilliam-dono, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting]

[No . I didn’t know that Count-sama and Takumi-san were acquintances]

[It’s our first time meeting, but Takumi-san is an important guest of our family . Ah, which reminds me, it appears there was some kind of a problem yesterday at the guild, wasn’t there? Is the reason that the guild master didn’t come today because he was busy dealing with that?]

[[……]]

The sub master’s--Gilliam-san’s complexion instantly turned pale .

Nevertheless, Cedric-san . Why do you know about that matter? It happened just yesterday, you know?

I thought I was being tailed for a moment there . But, if that were the case, both the children and I would notice .

That means, his intelligence gathering is awfully excellent .

[I won’t say anything because Takumi-san compromised, but I hope that such thing won’t happen in the future]

[Y, yes . Of course! Severely, I will hold it in my heart!]

[If you, the sub master says so, I feel relieved]

Cedric-san, thank you very much .

It appears he gave the guild warning for our sake .

At any rate…… Cedric is talking with the usual smile, but it brought up the fire from the atmosphere .

Hence Gilliam-san nodded with a great vigor .

[[Ah]]

[Allen, Elena . Pointing fingers at people is rude]

[[Ye~s]]

At that time, Allen and Elena who were quiet all the time suddenly let out voices and pointed at Cedric-san . I stopped their gesture in a hurry .

[So, what happened?]

[[Alike~]]

N? Alike?

[Said it’s alright~ to kick]

[Knight Onii~ chan]

[[[……]]]

Ah~ that time…… In the Gaya Forest with the Knights Order, Isaac-san said to Allen and Elena that it’s alright to kick Wald-sama……

I also find the smile of Isaac-san at that time exactly the same as Cedric-san’s, but…… however, do I hear a different meaning when the to say it……

[Umm…… by alike you mean Isaac-san, right? Has my little brother grew to like being kicked around by children in the time I have not seen him, I wonder……]

[You are wrong, it’s different! The target on the receiving end of the kick was different!]

See~ Cedric-san had a weird misunderstanding~

I must resolve the misunderstanding to protect Isaac-san’s honor! Ah~ while that may be true, I can’t possibly say that the target of the kicking as Wald-sama……

It seems difficult to explain while not saying the concrete thing .

I somehow managed to solve the misunderstanding, and we talked about the “Ripples” dungeon .

The contents were about the details I found in the dungeon, and the investigation of the people Cedric-san and the guild dispatched .

[Haa~ To discover a dungeon in my fief~ I’m grateful to you, Takumi-san]

[That so, isn’t it? People are going to gather in our town from now on]

Speaking frankly, a dungeon is a vein of gold .

When the information of a new dungeon gets out, adventurers will start gathering around . Those adventurers will bring back the dropped items from the dungeon and sell them at the Adventurer’s Guild .

Merchants will gather for those dropped items and trade with the Adventurer’s Guild .

When people gather, the inns and restaurants will flourish .

Since the economy moves in various places and taxes are paid, the financial affairs of the fief prosper as a result .

It was really a coincidence that I have caused a dungeon fuss in the Risner territory, but I think it would be good if it returned the favor that I owe to the Risner house at least a little .

Well, I think that problems will arise with the sudden increase of people, but I can only wish them to do their best .

Oh yeah, there is a total of four dungeons kept under control in Guardia . It appears that the “Ripples” we have discovered is going to be the fifth one .

Yesterday, before returning from the guild, I asked the receptionist about the locations of the dungeons . She then turned towards the adventurers and got me a list with a rough map .

The list had the dungeons written in order with information such as［Fourth Dungeon “Earth” /Low rank/Guardia, Shirin/To the east, half day by foot］ .

According to this list, half of the dungeons appear to be undiscovered .

I get why the dungeon in the Gaya Forest or the dungeon in the deep sea are not discovered, but I was surprised that even dungeons near the towns are undiscovered .

Because of that~ I have to be more careful~ Is what I was thinking while storing the map into the《Infinite Storage》, but then--

--Piron♪

At that time, I heard an electric sound in my head for some reason .

I thought what could it be, so I immediately opened the designating window .

Then, there was an indication “NEW” by the map tab .

The information written on the paper I stored in the《Infinite Storage》was now indicated on the map .

That’s right, the map has updated on its own . Seriously~ I was completely dumbfounded then~

[That reminds me, how far in the dungeon did you go?]

[We just looked a bit around the first floor . We did not have much time as I wouldn’t make it in time for today . We indeed had troubles right at the entrance, though]

As expected, reaching the entrance of the dungeon--it was not easy swimming for about 50 meters without breathing .

[Umm…… I feel bad for asking, but there were no casualties, right?]

Because there is no way to get out of the waterway halfway, if you can’t hold your breath, the risk of drowning isn’t low .

I wouldn’t like to hear the talk of people drowning in the dungeon I have discovered .

[Everything’s all right . The investigator I chose had a large stamina and good swimming skills]

I feel relieved hearing Cedric-san’s words .

But, it’s obvious that when the dungeon is officially announced, reckless people will appear one after another . We have to take measures against that immediately……

[Well, I understand Takumi-san’s fears . I had the investigator hold onto a magic tool just in case, and right now, we are in a hurry to mass produce that very magic tool]

[You mean a magic tool that allows breathing underwater?]

[Yes . It’s not that highly effective, but it uses wind magic stone which creates a fixed amount of air in the magic tool, so I gave the orders to have that mass produced]

Creates air…… hee~ so there was such magic tool~ if something like that exists, I can feel relieved?

[Also, regarding the reward . I’m sure you are aware, but the discoverer of a dungeon gets rewarded by the country]

Yeah, the matter of the reward still remains…… I’ve heard from the guild that the discoverer would receive a reward, but don’t conceal the important thing!

[Is the name of the discoverer officially announced?]

[It’s reported to the country, but only limited information is revealed in the public announcement . It was done like that in the past . Takumi-san, you don’t like the official announcement? Discoverer of a new dungeon will receive high praises, you know?]

[I’d like to decline the praises]

[I understand . I will propose that to His Majesty]

[I will leave it to you]

Discovering a new dungeon looks too conspicuous, so I would like to avoid it . Fortunately, publishing my name seems to be avoidable .

In truth, I would like to avoid the reward as well, but…… Cedric-san rejected with a wonderful smile . …… Regrets .

Now then, is the talk done with this? It had become noon before I noticed .

The sub master who finished reporting quickly left the room .

[Cedric-sama, everyone is waiting in the dining room]

The butler of the Risner house who guided us to Cedric-san, Joshua-san just came to call for Cedric-san, so we will also take our leave--

[Then, we will……--]

[Now then, Takumi-san . The lunch preparations are done, so let’s move to the dining room]

[Eh?]

Cedric-san smiled with a smile that I couldn’t go against .

Ku…… this smile, it’s definitely a foul play!




Chapter 61

When we move to the dining room, Cedric-san’s family was already waiting there .

[This is my wife Olivie]

[I’m Olivie . Welcome and thank you for coming]

[I’m sorry for intruding . My name is Takumi]

[These are my sons Theodore and Latis . They are nine and seven years old . We also have a daughter, but I have not called her here because she’s still young]

Cedric-san introduces me his wife and two sons .

His wife is a gentle looking woman with chestnut colored hair and blue eyes . It looks like a picture when she stands next to Cedric-san, and they seem like a couple that gets along very well .

The eldest son Theodore-kun has silver hair, and green eyes after his father and the younger brother Latis-kun has chestnut hair and grayish blue eyes after the mother? They both inherit their parent’s traits in such way .

They also seem to have a daughter that will become two years old as well as these two sons .

[Hello, I’m Theodore]

[I’m Latis . Hello]

[Hello . I’m Takumi . These children are Allen and Elena . Hey, are you two not going to say hello?]

[…… Allen]

[…… Elena]

I kneeled down matching Theodore-kun’s and Latis-kun’s eyes, took out Allen and Elena who were hiding behind my back and incited them for the greetings .

Thereupon, Allen and Elena told just their names in faint voices and immediately sneaked behind my back .

This is…… not frightened or anything, right? …… Are they being shy?

Even though Allen and Elena saw children close to their age before, they have never had such face-to-face conversation before, so they are apparently nervous .

But, they seem to have interest as they are peeking at Theodore-kun and Latis-kun from behind my back .

[Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, I’m sorry . They are shy of people they meet for the first time you see…… if you’d like, please get along with them, okay?]

[[Yes]]

[Ara, ara, that’s the way children are]

I’m glad that everyone of the Risner family doesn’t seem to mind . However, a little more normal greetings are necessary .

[Well then, come this way please]

[Thank you very much]

When our introductions end, this is a nobility! We have been guided to a long table that was shouting such feeling .

The individual seats have been prepared beforehand, but there were two chairs stuffed on both sides of the seat that I was shown to .

They were, of course, Allen’s and Elena’s seats .

That’s right, isn’t it~ having a meal with people they see for the first time in a place like this, it would be naturally impossible for them to separate from me .

Therefore, I’m very thankful for this arrangement .

Did Cedric-san give such instructions? As expected, he doesn’t overlook the details~

The meal was harbor-ish, a soup full of marine products and bread . The main dish was sauteed of some kind of a white fish . It had salty taste as expected, but it was easy to eat .

[[Onii~ chan]]

[N? What is it?]

[[Want to eat jelly~]]

After finishing the main course, Allen and Elena requested for a dessert .

[Jelly, is it? What is that?]

The one who showed a reaction to those words first was Cedric-san .

[Ah~…… it’s sweets]

[Perhaps, Takumi-san’s handmade?]

[Ah, yes . That’s right]

[If it’s alright with you, won’t you let us eat some as well?]

[……]

Cedric-san seems to have an interest in the jelly .

[I will pay the price?]

[No, I don’t need money! It’s just that…… jelly is made from a slightly special ingredient, you see…… I’m worried…… that it’s not something nobles would like……]

[Oya, was it like that? I would definitely like to try to eat it without hearing the ingredients]

Cedric-san is unexpectedly a person brimming with curiosity……

Won’t he get angry after I let him eat the slime jelly? I will think about it when the time comes?

[I hope it will suit your tastes, but……]

I melt Giant Bee honey in the milk, took out the jelly that contained compote from Rigo from the《Infinite Storage》and serve it to the Risner family .

Of course, I handed it to Allen and Elena too .

[This is good, isn’t it! It’s jiggly and easy to eat]

[That’s right . It’s feeling nice and cold, and it’s very delicious]

[[It’s delicious!]]

The Risner family tries it right away . The taste seems to have a favorable opinion .

[[Onii~ chan, delish~]]

Allen and Elena stuff their cheeks in satisfaction .

[However, I have no idea what was used to make it……]

[Rigo!]

[And milk!]

[Ara, ara, Rigo is a common fruit and milk is an ingredient that is often used . I wouldn’t call them special ingredients?]

[[Eh~]]

The Risner family began to inspect the ingredients I used .

[N~…… I don’t know . May I inquire about the ingredients?]

[[Slime!]]

[[[[Eh?]]]]

Allen and Elena cheerfully answered Cedric-san’s question . The Risner family let out surprised voices .

[Ah~…… I have used slime jelly]

[Slime jelly…… is it? That thing from slimes that will do neither harm nor good?]

[That’s it]

[Something like that can be used to make something like this……]

Are? They were surprised at first, but they have a normal reaction…… did they accept it?

Are there unexpectedly no unpleasant feelings towards slime jelly?

[By the way, did Isaac eat this before?]

[No . Today is the first time I offered it to someone else besides my children]

[Is that so? Fufufu~ I can boast to Isaac with this!]

Eeh!?

Does he perhaps wants revenge because Isaac-san was boasting about the Cream bread!?

[Then, Takumi-san . Would it be possible to purchase this recipe as well?]

[I, I don’t mind, but……]

[It’s good to eat after a meal, but it would be a suitable thing to eat on hot days or when the physical condition is not good . This will sell if put out in the store! Right, Joshua!]

[…… Cedric-sama, even if you ask me that]

Cedric-san asked Joshua who was refraining behind him .

However, Joshua-san has not eaten the jelly . It would be difficult to ask for his opinion~

[How about Joshua-san tries it as well?]

I took out the jelly and recommended to Joshua-san .

Joshua-san took a glance at Cedric-san . Ah, he’s asking for Cedric-san’s permission .

[Joshua, you try it too]

[Yes . Takumi-sama, is it all right?]

[Of course]

Joshua-san who obtained Cedric-san’s permission tried the jelly right away .

[This is……]

[How is it, Joshua? It’s delicious, right?]

[Yes . As Cedric-sama said, it seems like a suitable food for times when the appetite isn’t good]

[Right? We should start securing slime jelly immediately!]

[However, Cedric-sama…… Because slime jelly is a material that everybody ignores, it would take time to gather suitable amount……]

Because slime jelly is the lowest value material, high ranked adventurers don’t bring back much .

Even if a request was sent to the Adventurer’s Guild, it will be overlooked .

[Nothing will be brought back unless we increase the price, huh……]

[I expect so]

[N~…… if that’s the case, would you like to try putting up a capture request and try cultivating them?]

Eh! Are you perhaps trying to start a slime ranch? It has somehow become an amazingly serious matter!

Cedric-san and Joshua-san moved forward in an incredible direction, I could only listen .




Chapter 62

After the unexpected passionate slime jelly talk--

[Oh yeah, Takumi-san . Please stay at our mansion while you are in Bailey]

[Eh?]

Cedric-san suddenly proposed to us .

[No, to be taken care of that much…… besides, we are already staying in an inn]

[There wouldn’t be problem canceling the inn, right?]

I thought of reservedly declining, but Cedric-san wasn’t giving up .

Well~ I don’t have a problem canceling the inn, but…… however, because I don’t know how long we will be staying in Bailey, I would feel awkward being taken care of for a long time .

However, when Cedric-san said he would like playmates for his children once in a while, I immediately surrendered . I mean, there’s not many opportunities for Allen and Elena to come in contact with children of their age . While in Bailey, I’m sincerely thankful for the opportunity of them interacting with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun .

That being the case, I have decided to stay in the Risner House’s care during our stay in Bailey .

◇ ◇ ◇

The next morning during our stay in the Risner mansion, I have woken up with the sunrise because of going to sleep earlier than usual .

Allen and Elena are already up .

[Good morning]

[[Morning~]]

[Did you sleep well?]

[[Un]]

This being the mansion of nobles, the futon in the guest room are soft and comfortable to sleep on, but our sleeping hours didn’t increase .

Because it’s still too early to be waking up, I thought of passing the time by rolling around the bed, but as I’m completely awake, I started dressing up .

Then, because at least one of the servants would be awake, we left the room seeking the permission to go to the garden .

Sure enough, we immediately found Servant-san, who told me that Cedric-san is already awake, so he guided us to him .

[Good morning]

[Takumi-san, good morning . Allen-kun and Elena-san, good morning to you too]

[[Morning~]]

Cedric-san in a dressing gown, sitting on a sofa and reading a letter .

[The sun has just come out, was the bed not to your liking?]

[No, I have rested properly . Both the children and I don’t sleep for too long, so]

[Is that so?]

[Yeah]

It seems that Cedric-san is worried that we didn’t sleep much because we woke up so early in the morning .

[Say, Allen, Elena . You have slept a lot, didn’t you?]

[[Un]]

[Soft~]

[Comfortable~]

Cedric-san didn’t seem convinced by my explanation, so I asked Allen and Elena . Thereupon, the two turned towards Cedric-san with smiles on their faces and answered .

[Is that so?]

A gentle smile floated on Cedric-san’s face after hearing that .

I don’t know whether it’s because Cedric-san looks like Isaac-san, but Allen and Elena quickly warmed up to him . There weren’t any problems even with conversations such as this .

N~…… nevertheless, it appears that Allen and Elena liked the soft bed very much . The inn we were staying at wasn’t a cheap inn, but as expected, the quality is entirely different . If it’s like this, I should get a good futon in the near future .

[Cedric-san is early as well, aren’t you?]

[Yes, a reply came from Isaac to the letter I sent him yesterday]

Eh? A reply to a letter that was sent yesterday?!

I asked because I was curious and was told something unexpected .

[Isn’t that too fast? Doesn’t one-way letter delivery usually take about one month?]

[Ah, Takumi-san comes from a rural village, don’t you?]

[Y, yeah……]

…… Rural village . Which reminds me, there was such setting . I have completely forgotten .

[In that case, it’s no wonder you are not aware of the existence of the transfer magic tool]

[Transfer magic tool, is it? Those in dungeons?]

[The principle is the same . It’s just that these can’t transfer people like those in the dungeons]

Transfer magic tool, as the name suggest, is a magic tool that allows sending items over a long distance . Unlike the transfer device in the dungeons, it’s a magic tool large enough to be held in both hands which apparently can’t transfer people .

On top of being able to transfer only to a place with the same magic tool, it can only send letters and small items like accessories .

But, in this world where conversations are the mainstream exchange, this magic tool is convenient .

Also, it appears that the transfer magic tool can’t be produced by people’s hands and there’s no other way than to acquire it in dungeons . Even though researchers have been studying the magic tool for many years, it appears that it’s impossible to reproduce .

It seems that a magic tool that transfers people like the ones in the dungeons is like a dream within a dream .

[Does that mean you can deliver items anywhere as long as that place has the same magic tool?]

Isn’t that dangerous in a sense?

It would be possible to deliver explosives to the destination and destroy it .

[No . These magic tools have something akin to an individual recognition code . It’s possible to send only to magical tools that have registered that code]

It seems that transfer magic tools (simplified) have individual codes which are registered with the first transfer .

It appears that one-way transfer is possible depending on the code is registered .

Naturally, the registrations in the castle and other important places are limited, and the exchanges between countries are apparently dealt firmly in establishments in separate places .

Besides, it appears that the magic tools owned by the country are nearly all currently located in Adventurer’s Guilds .

Because they can be obtained only in dungeons, most of them are acquired by adventurers, so it’s only inevitable that the Adventurer’s Guilds will purchase them .

Thus, the transfer magic tools in the Adventurer’s Guilds are used to send and deliver letters .

The fee is higher than delivery by carriage or fast horse, but the fee is apparently set to a price that even common folk would be able to use it .

The biggest advantage is the fast delivery .

[So Adventurer’s Guild also had such use, I see . I didn’t know . Then, since it’s possible to deliver between the branches of Adventurer’s Guilds, is it possible to send letters even to the foreign countries?]

[Yeah, that’s right . Adventurer’s Guilds all over the world are branches of one establishment, so they have the codes registered . This letter also went through the Adventurer’s Guild and was delivered just a little while ago . It was delivered as an urgent case before the sunrise]

[Urgent? Did anything happen?]

[No . Isaac just deliberately send it like that]

[Hee?]

[It appears he was frustrated by my boasting . Well, in other words, he’s harassing me]

[Boasting? Harassment?]

[Yeah, I was boasting in the letter I sent yesterday how good the slime jelly tasted . Of course, I even told him that you would teach me the way of making Cream bread]

[Eh!?]

Does that mean that Cedric-san wrote Isaac-san a letter in which he boasted about the slime jelly and Isaac-san who read that letter sent a reply letter urgently to be delivered before the sunrise in order to harass Cedric-san!?

These siblings, what are they doing~!?




Chapter 63

[It looks like Isaac’s hating to lose and immediately becoming irritated is still the same~ Although it was smoother over when he entered the Knights Order…… His recent reactions are quite honest . Iya~ How nostalgic]

Cedric-san is making a very relieved expression .

Was Cedric-san perhaps affectionate as well as teasing his little brother since childhood?

I see, I see . Even though Isaac-san is teasing Wald-sama, his position would be reversed if his opponent was his Oniisan~

I thought their relationship might be stormy for a moment there, but the brothers seem to be getting along well .

[By the way, Takumi-san . If possible, won’t you go with me to the harbor’s morning market?]

While thinking about the Risner brothers, Cedric-san suddenly proposed such .

[Morning market? tte, won’t it cause a ruckus if Cedric-san goes?]

[I will naturally go incognito]

[……]

Incognito, huh……

Well, I don’t mind . “Big shots = traveling incognito,” is often the case anyway……

[It seems there has been recently unusual food served in a harbor stall]

[Unusual food?]

[Yes . They have started selling just a few days ago, but it’s so popular that they have long queues every day and reputable for its great taste . Therefore, I thought to go to check it out]

[Hee~ that’s indeed interesting]

Popular enough to create queues, that’s certainly interesting .

They were selling a few days before when we went to the morning market, didn’t they? However, I have not seen any long queues~ Were they already sold out when we were there?

[I thought I would go there while inspecting]

[You want us to accompany you?]

[Please, by all means . I thought about bringing my sons along as well . Allen-kun, Elen-san, do you mind morning market’s street stall food for breakfast?]

[[U?]]

[It’s the place where a lot if fish is sold . He’s asking whether you’re fine with having a meal there]

[[Un! Alright~]]

[Is that so? Then, I will make the preparations immediately . I’m sorry, but please wait for a moment]

[No, please take your time]

That being the case, we have arrived at the harbor’s morning market’s plaza together with Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun .

Cedric-san wanted to go without guards at first, but it would be hard to deal with if something happened, so three guards including Joshua-san went along .

Surprisingly, Joshua-san is an all-purpose butler who can be a guard as well!

[Chichiue~ It’s that place, isn’t it!]

[Yeah . It seems so]

[Let’s go quickly!]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun urge Cedric-san and pull him by his hands .

It has a feeling of exciting outing with their father .

N? Allen and Elena are jii~ staring at the Risner parent and children…… and frequently glance at me? Is this possibly?

Which reminds me, when walking with Allen and Elena, they either hold my clothes, or I’m carrying them in my arms, we hardly walk while holding hands, don’t we?

The two stare at the Risner parent and children again . This is without a doubt, right?

[Allen, Elena . Here]

When I call Allen and Elene and extend my hands, as I thought, they both immediately grasp my hands .

[[Ehehe~]]

They were so happy they showed me grinning smiles and imitating Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, they guided me by hands to the end of the stall’s queue .

Nevertheless, the queue is as incredible as Cedric-san said . It appears true that the stall is popular .

[What an incredible people . I wonder what he’s selling?]

[He appears to be shellfish, but I heard he uses a flavoring that was not used until now . If I’m not mistaken…… they are using a flavoring called soy sauce]

[………… Soy sauce]

Hahaha~…… no way, right……

[……]

I thought it was needless thoughts, but as we advance in the queue, we approach the stall little by little, and I smelled something familiar .

[[Ah!]]

[Ah~……]

Allen and Elena saw the scallops stall owner and raised their voices .

As expected…… it’s the stall owner I thought the butter and soy sauce scallops . What he’s selling is precisely that .

[Is something wrong?]

[Iya…… well, you see……]

[N? Ooh! Isn’t that Anchan and the children!]

Now then, how do I explain this……

While worried how to explain to Cedric-san, the stall owner noticed us and waved his hand .

[What’s that, Anchan? Are you perhaps waiting in the queue? There’s no need for Anchan to line up . No matter what, this is something Anchan has taught me . Are those Anchan’s companions? Look, come here and eat without reservation!]

[…… Takumi-san?]

[……]

Ahh…… I feel like Cedric-san’s eyes are asking “What does this mean?”

[No…… umm……]

[Is it true that Takumi-san taught him this?]

[…… Yes . On the day we arrived in this town……]

Naturally, I explain everything that happened on the day I arrived in this town .

[Haa……]

Cedric-san who listened to my explanation deeply sighed .

Somehow…… I’m really sorry? It’s not like I did something wrong, but it feels like I caused some trouble?

First of all, let’s eat some scallops?

[…… It’s delicious, isn’t it?]

[[Takumi-san, it’s delicious!]]

It appears the butter and soy sauce scallops suited the Risner parent and children’s tastes .

[Takumi-san, could you tell me what this soy sauce is?]

[Ah, yes . It’s a sap from tree called Koikuchi that grows in dungeons]

[Is that so? Then, is it sold by shops dealing with dungeon items?]

[That’s right]

Apparently, Cedric-san is pleased with the taste of soy sauce and decided to stop by a shop dealing with dungeon items next .

Looking at the people gathered at this stall, it’s easy to tell that the people of Aetherdia have accepted the taste of soy sauce, so why would they not use it before? Strange .

[[Onii~ chan]]

[Un?]

[[One more, please~]]

Allen and Elena love this taste, don’t they?




Chapter 64

The largest or second largest commercial company in the Guardia country・Fiji Company .

It’s a company that deals in food and monster materials, managing many shops and of course, they also deal with the goods found in dungeons .

The main store of the Fiji Company is in the royal capital, but they have many branch stores, and one of those is also located in Bailey .

[My my, Risner-sama . To think Risner-sama himself would visit our store directly! What may I help you with today?]

After leaving from the morning market’s plaza, we have visited the Fiji Company together with Cedric-san and others . Thereupon, we had no appointment, but the branch manager immediately appeared at the storefront .

It seems like there was an employee who has recognized Cedric-san and immediately went to inform the branch manager .

[I’m sorry for the sudden visit . Actually, I’m looking for an article called soy sauce, I wonder if you are dealing with soy sauce here?]

[Oya? Risner-sama desires the soy sauce too? Of course, we are dealing with them in this store]

It appears that the Fiji Company is dealing with soy sauce .

Moreover, from the branch manager’s words, there were other customers in search of soy sauce .

[That’s relief . As expected, the demand has increased, hasn’t it?]

[Yes . It has suddenly increased in the last two-three days . It apparently has something to do with the harbor’s street stall]

[Oya, you know of it? As expected of this store’s manager, you are well-informed]

[Information is the life force of bussiness]

[I’m ashamed to say, but I have not known of this flavoring until just recently]

[No, no, soy sauce is a commodity that finally came to light just recently, it can be said that it’s only natural that Risner-sama didn’t know of it . Me too, in spite of managing a store, I didn’t give it much heed]

Cedric-san and the branch manager are smiling on the surface, but it has some tingling feeling . Furthermore, the[Fufufu]and[Hahaha~]I hear at the end of their sentences…… it must be just my imagination .

[So, Risner-sama . Have you visited our store to purchase the soy sauce today then?]

[That too, but there’s something else . Do you have time?]

[Of course . Ah, I’m sorry for making you talk while standing at such place . I will immediately guide you to the reception office]

[Yes, thank you very much . --Then, Takumi-san]

[Y, yes!]

Because I was completely absorbed in thoughts, I got startled when Cedric-san called to me .

[I will talk with the branch manager for a while, so, I’m sorry but--]

[Yes, we will look around at the products they have here, please don’t mind us!]

Because I wanted to be excused from going to the reception office, I told Cedric-san that we will wait here before he could say anything .

[Is that so, I understand . Ah, I’m sorry but can I leave my sons with you?]

[Yes, don’t worry]

[Then, thank you]

Saying such, Cedric-san followed after the branch manager to the reception office inside the store .

Thus, while the two are talking, we have decided to have other employees guide us around the store .

The place we were guided to was not shelves of goods for ordinary customers, but a warehouse with all kinds of goods .

Because there are many goods that are not displayed at the storefront, normal customers won’t be guided here unless they are special customers . Because feudal lord’s companions are special, I have gratefully let them guide me to the ingredient section .

I mean, if they have goods that they are not displaying at the storefront, they might have ingredients that I have not laid my hands on yet, right?

It turned into the feudal lord’s sons accompanying me while I do as I please, but because the two were interested, I decided to do what I wanted to .

That being the case, it’s the three of us, me, Allen, Elen, plus Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, and Joshua-san, the six of us in total . The other two guards went together with Cedric-san .

[[Ah! Anko~]]

Immediately after being shown to the warehouse, Allen and Elena found something they recognized, but--

[Allen, Elena . Those are red beans]

[[Red beans~?]]

[That’s right . Anko is sweetened boiled red beans]

Allen and Elena seem to think that the red beans I used to make the bean paste are called[Anko] .

[[Red beans~ Swe~et one is anko~]]

[Un, that’s right]

It’s not like all red beans made sweet are anko, but…… they are not wrong, oh well .

[Takumi-san, what is[Anko]?]

Theodore-kun who heard the exchange of the children and me became curious about what anko is .

[Umm…… have you heard from Otousan about Anpan?]

[Ah! I heard about that . It’s one of the new bread that recently became popular, isn’t it! I heard that Cream bread and Anpan can be eaten only in the town of Shirin where Ojiisama is!]

[Ah~…… yes, that’s it . It’s the filling of that Anpan . It’s made from these red beans]

[Eh, is that so!?]

[This will become Anpan?]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun are listening while surprised .

Thus, Joshua-san and the employee who guided us looked at us with surprised expressions .

[Takumi-san, do you mind talking over here?]

[N?]

N? Is there a…… problem?

While doubting, Joshua-san glanced at the employee .

[Ah~……]

I finally noticed . Did I expose the method of making anko in front of the employee?

I don’t mind if the way to make anko spreads, but I don’t know how the Lauren House and Risner House would feel about that……

[Umm, from now on, I’m supposed to teach how to make Anpan to a shop recommended by Cedric-san . And, if the store starts selling Anpan, they will have to purchase red beans on a regular basis……]

[Let’s sign the contract of purchase!]

Joshua-san begins to speak with the employee at his side .

Perhaps, will the content of the contract include the incorporation of secrecy?

Joshua-san, I’m sorry for increasing your work, but I will leave it to you .

[Theodore-kun, I’m sorry . If I say carelessly, even more, I will make troubles for your Otousan, so I will answer what you want to know once we return, okay?]

[Yes, thank you very much . But, I will be able to eat Anpan, won’t I! I’m looking forward to it!]

[I’m looking forward to it as well!]

[Is that so~ Then, I will make them with my best effort, so look forward to it]

[[Yes!]]

While Joshua-san and others were talking, I looked at the things around .

This place is apparently a place where all beans are stored . In addition to the red beans, black beans and almost the same as soybean[Round beans], there was something called [Flower Beans] that I have never seen .

[Ah, this is……]

There, I found familiar beans in a bottle .

It’s a black oval of the size of the thumbnail with a cracky dent . It’s slightly larger than those I know of, but the delicate smell is familiar .

[Oya, does Takumi-san know of Kahee Beans?]

[Kahe~ beans?]

The employee who seems to have finished talking with Joshua-san taught me the name of the beans I was looking at .

Kahe~…… Ahh, Kahee, is it? In Syl’s knowledge, the beans themselves are not suitable for edible use, but the extracted liquids are drinkable . That means, no need to guess, this are coffee beans, aren’t they!

[It’s my first time seeing the real thing . These are already roasted, aren’t they? Are these used with water or hot water to make a black colored beverage?]

[Yeah, that’s right]

It’s coffee! Coffee!

I found coffee!

[These Kahee Beans are Risner’s domestic production luxury item, so our country is not that familiar with them yet, but they are popular among nobles . I’m surprised Takumi-san was aware]

[Well, I have a moderate knowledge about foodstuff……]

It’s all knowledge imprinted by Syl, though .

[Is it possible to sell me these Kahee Beans?]

[We surely can, but the price is a little expensive?]

[That’s fine . By the way, do you have a tool that handles these beans here?]

[Yes, we have . Shall I prepare that as well?]

[Yes please]

Yosh! If they have a grinder, it looks like I will be able to make a coffee soon♪

Coffee after so long . Let’s make it immediately after we return!

While cheerful that I obtained coffee beans, Cedric-san and the branch manager who seemed to finish discussing returned .

[Thank you for waiting]

[No, it wasn’t that--…… N?]

[Takumi-san, what’s wrong?]

I caught the sight of the mark on the documents Cedric-san held . That’s probably the crest of this store .

Looking carefully, isn’t it drawn everywhere including the shelves and bags?

Then, I remembered . That I have seen a branch of this store before, or not…… a different place . Where did I……?

N~…… ah! That thing! I remember .

The sunken ship in the Mermaid Village! The marks drawn on the body and flags of the ship should be the same as this mark!




Chapter 65

[Cedric-san, do you know of Dietlinde?]

[Dietlinde, is it? …… If I’m not mistaken, I heard such name in a report documents before…… Ah! Wasn’t it the sunken ship of this store?]

[Yes, that’s right . There fortunately were no casualties, but that was a really heavy blow……]

Yeah, as I thought, that mark is this store’s mark without a doubt .

[In fact, the ship--Dietlinde, that sunk to the bottom of the sea, I have recovered it……]

[[…… Yes?]]

When I convey that I have recovered the sunken ship, Cedric-san and the branch manager-san stare at me with absentminded expressions .

[…… The ship has sunk, you know?]

[Yes, I have found it at the bottom of the sea]

[…… I think the report said it sunk quite deep, though……]

[Just a bit of long-distance swim]

[…… The ship should be a large model, how did you recover it?]

[I can use《Infinite Storage》 . You have not heard from Isaac-san?]

[…………]

Cedric-san asks questions one after another, but after I simply answer them, he eventually becomes silent .

I thought that Isaac-san reported everything about me, but it appears he didn’t tell Cedric-san about this .

I see, he didn’t know about the《Infinite Storage》…… it appears I have exposed myself .

Well,《Infinite Storage》is convenient . I have gotten used to the life on Aetherdia too, it would be troublesome to keep on hiding it……

[I’m sorry . I have not heard from Isaac about this . Have you really recovered Dietlinde?]

[Yes]

[So, what does Takumi-san want to do with that ship?]

[Eh? Wouldn’t you normally return it?]

Because I picked up a lost item, I feel like it should have been returned to the owner, but……

N~? In Japan, found articles have to be delivered to the police . It should have been a usurpation if I took it…… what, is it different over here?

The way Cedric-san is speaking, it makes him sound as if I didn’t have to return it .

[Then, will you return that ship to the owner?]

[Yeah . It seems to be loaded with cargo . Well, it has sunk, so I don’t know what happened to the contents, but I think there should also be things that are safe]

Because the ship has sunk while stacked with cargo, I think there should be a considerable loss . Therefore, I think it would be nice if something was saved, even if little .

[Do you intend not to receive any compensation?]

[Yeah, that was my intention, but? Ah, if the burden of disposal is greater than what came back to you, I won’t force you to take it back?]

Even if you recover what you can still use, there are cases where dismantling and disposing of the damaged goods will cost you, right? In that case, I wouldn’t mind letting it fertilize in the《Infinite Storage》, you see .

[No! I think there are more things to obtain . Isn’t that so?]

[Yes! Just as you said!]

When Cedric-san asks, the branch manager agrees exaggeratedly .

I’m told that ships on Aetherdia move with magic stones, and the magic stone used on this ship is considerably large and fairly valuable .

Apparently, because the cause of the sinking was damage in the ship’s bottom which caused flooding, the magic stone has no problems and recovering that magic stone will sharply decrease the losses .

Listening further, found articles on Aetherdia are apparently fine to keep by those who find them . Even if you know the owner .

What’s easy to understand is goods stolen by bandits . Those who exterminate the bandits have the rights to keep the stolen goods . In case the owner wants to recover the stolen goods by any means, he must buy back the goods with an appropriate amount of money .

While listening to Cedric-san’s explanation, which reminds me, I have such knowledge, don’t I~ I suddenly recall . It appears that considering Earth standards is mostly no good .

[Is that fine? If you sell the magic stone used in the ship, you could acquire a lot of money, you know?]

[I’m good on money . I will return the ship to the company]

The amount of money needed for repurchase is settled by the person who has the goods, so there’s no problem even if you return it for free . If that’s the case, I will choose that .

When I said so, the branch manager made an expression as if bursting into tears .

Well, if a ship loaded with cargo sank, it would cause a considerable amount of damage . You would cry if the losses could decrease even a little, wouldn’t you~

Anyhow, as it would be better to check the ship and the cargo, we decide to move to a warehouse owned by the Fiji Company at the pier .

[[Onii~ chan, where to~?]]

[N? Does Allen and Elena remember the sunken ship?]

[[Ship~?]]

[Right . The one Mirena-san asked me to[Remove]]

[[Un, remember~]]

[That ship you see, I have found the person who lost it, so I’m going to return it]

[[Return~? Why~?]]

Ehh!? Why? N~…… Why, huh……

[Umm…… you see? What would Allen and Elena do if the person walking in front of them lost something?]

[[Pick up~?]]

[That’s right . Then, what after picking it up?]

[[Give back~?]]

[It’s the same . Oniichan also picked up the ship, so I’m returning it to the owner]

[[I see~]]

The two seem to be convinced .

Strictly speaking, this is a little bit different, but I would like for Allen and Elena to return lost items to their owners . This should be okay .

When we arrive at the warehouse, I immediately retrieve Dietlinde from the《Inifnite Storage》 .

For a moment, I thought that sea water might flow out when I take it out, but such thing didn’t happen . It seems that when I collected the[Ship], the sea water it was flooded in didn’t come with it . I’m glad~

[This is it . Is there no mistake?]

[T, there’s no mistake! That’s our ship!]

When I try to confirm, the branch manager who saw the ship shouts .

In addition, I heard Theodore-kun saying[Ama~zing], Latis-kun admiring with[Seriously……]and[A ship this big……]among others from the guards and employees .

I know that the sizes of《Infinite Storages》are different, but perhaps, something of this size wouldn’t…… fit in? No, it can’t be .

However, I’m removing the ban on《Infinite Storage》 . It may be standing out, but let’s leave it on a high magical power .

So, about the Dietlinde, it appears to be Fiji Company’s ship without a doubt . Besides, as I thought, the mark on the hull is same as Fiji Company’s mark . I made no mistake .

If that’s the case, it doesn’t seem to be necessary to investigate whether this is Fiji Company’s ship or not .

[Then, is it okay to return it?]

[Yes! Thank you very much!!]

That being the case, I was able to return Dietlinde to the proper owner safely .

However, I didn’t expect that the branch manager would give me the coffee beans, the necessary tools, and other thigs I wanted to buy free of charge .

I felt bad and tried to pay for it, but Cedric-san told me it would be better to accept at least hat much . That being the case, I obediently accepted it and we left the company .




Chapter 66

By becoming acquaintanced with the Fiji Company, I was able to find spices I have not yet obtained . This being a harbor trade town, they have everything which couldn’t be found in Shirin .

In Shirin, I have obtained red chili pepper, black pepper, garlic, ginger, and cumin . And in Bailey, I purchased turmeric, cardamon, coriander, and clove .

I recognize them as ingredients for cooking, but they are used as materials for medicines and are not sold in food stores, but pharmacies instead .

They were used in Oriental medicine on Earth as well . I’m much obligated to turmeric hangover drink .

Since I have gathered so many spices, I want to make a curry . Curry and rice!

It’s a Japanese staple home cooking said to rarely have people who dislike it! I want to eat curry and rice soon!

Long ago, I have been curious about spices used in the curry and looked them up on the internet, so I somehow remember the used spices . Therefore, let’s collected the ingredients!

…… It’s just, as expected, I don’t remember the spice blend .

If i recall correctly, turmeric was somewhat larger in quantity, and the other spices should be completely different depending on the curry you make .

You can use many things to suppress the bad smell in a meat curry or use many things to complement the vegetable curry . The spiciness is naturally adjusted with the red chili pepper .

In short, it changes significantly depending on preferences .

Therefore, if I add the spices little by little, even I should be able to make it .

That being the case, let’s challenge making curry right away!

◇ ◇ ◇

I have borrowed a place to prepare the food in the Risner mansion’s garden .

At first, I thought of borrowing a section in the kitchen, but what I’m making is a curry, so…… I would feel really sorry if the scent of curry stained the mansion .

I even intended to go outside the town .

Now then, I’m making a curry, but what Curry will I make today?

Seafood curry is good too, but it’s my first time today, so I think that orthodoxly basic curry would be better .

Onions, carrots, potatoes . Because there’s no ordinary pork meat, Orc meat should be fine .

I stir-fry the meat and vegetables cut into bite sizes, and put it in the soup stock I made beforehand . I cook until the fire hits the vegetables .

Meanwhile, I prepare another frying pan, I cook oil and wheat while paying attention not to burn them, and add a suitable combination of spices . I pour in the broth made in a pot from boiling vegetables little by little, so it wouldn’t make any lumps, and then put it back in the pot .

[[Stir~]]

[Un . Then, I will leave it to you]

[[Un!]]

Allen and Elena have volunteered to help out, so I leave the stirring of the pot to them .

Next, I have to put in a subtle seasoning to bring out the flavor . The classic stuff when making a curry is ketchup and Worcester sauce, but…… I don’t have either of them, huhh~ Ah, maybe I can use Turi fruit paste?

I also often heard of chocolate and coffee powder?

I have not found chocolate yet, and it’s not like I can just crush the Kahee beans into powder…… let’s take the simple approach here and use Rigo fruit and honey .

I’m suppressing the spiciness as much as possible, so Allen and Elena could eat it too, but it will become rather sweet if I put Rigo and honey in .

[Yosh! This should be fine . Allen, Elena, thank you . That’s enough~]

[[Ye~s]]

Well, all that’s left is to slowly let it simmer, so shall we get a little bit unfair?

[《Aging》]

A Space-time magic I have learned just recently,《Aging》 . This is a magic which makes the time of the target pass . By the way, this magic works only on non-creatures .

Using this magic, the curry matured instantly . And that’s it .

I scoop the finished curry and sample it at once .

[Oh, feels nice]

It’s not spicy enough for me, but the taste is quite delicious .

Like this, even Allen and Elena will be able to eat it .

[Here, Allen, Elena . Say ahh~]

[[Ahh~]]

[How is it? Is it spicy?]

[[Delish~]]

It seems the spiciness was suppressed to the extent that the two can eat it without any problems .

Then, let’s write the blend of spices down before I forget . And, it would be better to use it as a base to improve the taste little by little .

[[Uniyu~]]

[N, what’s wrong? Was it spicy after all?]

Allen and Elena pull on my clothes as if to complain about something .

[[Onii~ chan]]

[What is it?]

[[Many~]]

[Eh?]

[[There~]]

[Haa?]

When I looked where Allen and Elena were pointing, I saw people peeking from shadows at us .

Risner parents and children, the servants working at the Risner mansion, even Knights are there . I have not noticed the large number of people who have gathered until now because I was absorbed in making the curry .

It’s my carelessness that I have not noticed them even though so many people gathered, but…… they were hiding so well I thought they have【Concealment】or【Seclusion】skills .

[………… What are you doing in a place like that?]

[But, Takumi-san! I smell such delicious fragrance!]

[Ah~……]

Cedric-san said as the representative of the crowd .

It appears they were lured by the scent of curry .

As expected of curry! To lure people to this extent……

[Takumi-san, what is that?]

[It’s a dish called Curry from my hometown]

[Curry, is it?]

[Yes, that’s right]

Before we noticed, Cedric-san was peeking at the contents of the pot .

[It smells nice, but an incredible color it has]

[Both the fragrance and color turned out like this because several herbs were used]

[Herbs?! Even though it smells so appetizing?]

[That’s right]

Following after Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, and naturally, the other people gathered around us .

[……]

How do I control this situation?

N~ Should I let them eat right away? But, there’s not that much of it . Would they leave if I let them have a lick of taste, I wonder……

This, I will have to prepare a large amount……?

Fortunately, the taste is satisfactory, and I have a large quantity of spices and ingredients in the stock .

[I will make everyone’s portion in time for the din--]

[Really!??]

The people curiously staring at the pot instantly reacted to my words and raised their voices .

I beg you, let me speak until the end!

Ah, right, right . These people would eat bread instead of rice, and as expected, I will have to prepare other dishes with the curry . There are chefs among the people as well, so shall I tell them?

[Excuse me . This is more or less supposed to be a soup, so bread, salad, and necessary main di--]

[[[Leave it to us!]]]

Therefore, let me talk until the end!!

When it got decided that they will be able to have a dinner, the gathered people returned to their posts .

Thus, because the curry will be for dinner, I have stored our lunch curry without eating it into the《Infinite Storage》, and decided to have a lunch of a simple Cream bread and Anpan .

Well, they are Allen and Elena’s favorite, so they had no problem with the change of menu .

After finishing the lunch, I wanted to start making curry again, but…… let’s make seafood curry next? The people here are familiar with marine products, after all .

For the second time of making curry, I kept in mind to use wind magic to fire the fragrance of curry high to the skies .

Thanks to that, there has been no terror caused by the smell .

And then, at dinner time, the curry was well-received, and the somewhat larger amount of curry splendidly disappeared .




Chapter 67

And, at dinner time--

[Yeah . This dish has a really nice fragrance, after all]

It’s us, Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun at the Risner mansion’s dining room .

Their daughter seems to be feeling slightly unsettled, so Olivie-san is with her .

[Chichiue~ I want to eat already~]

[Already~]

[That’s so, isn’t it? Then, let’s eat]

[[Yes, itadakimasu]]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun urged Cedric-san that they want to eat .

Then, when the dinner started, the Risner parent and children ate the curry before anything else .

[[Delicious!]]

[This is……]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun expressed their honest impression . Because Allen and Elena have tasted it beforehand, I thought it was fine, but I’m glad it suits their tastes .

Cedric-san didn’t give his direct thoughts, but his expression speaks for all .

[Allen, Elena, let’s eat as well]

[[Un! Itadakima~su]]

Since I have confirmed the Risner parent and children reactions, I have decided to eat as well .

I’m slightly regretful that I had to give up on rice for bread because we are eating with Risners, but…… I will definitely eat curry and rice before long!

[[Onii~ chan, this is delish too~]]

[Is that so? I’m glad~ Eat lots, okay?]

[[Un]]

The classic curry I’ve made during the day and this seafood curry taste quite differently, but it appears the children like even this curry .

[It’s really good]

[The jelly was delicious too, but to be able to even make a dish like this, Takumi-san is really incredible]

[[Onii~ chan, incredible~?]]

[Yes, incredible]

[Takumi-san is amazing]

[[Un, Onii~ chan is incredbile~ Ehehe~]]

Ooh? Allen and Elena who have not talked with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun yet are suddenly having a conversation . That the topic is me is a little bit, but……

[Onii~ chan’s meals are delish~]

[Eating lots~]

[Is that so? Takumi-san, may I have seconds please?]

[Me too!]

[Of course, I don’t mind . Eat a lot . How about Allen and Elena?]

[[Will eat~]]

The four children who are getting along well want second helpings .

While such harmonious air was drifting, Cedric-san who silently ate the curry suddenly stood up from his chair .

[Takumi-san!! This dish called curry is very wonderful! Such complex yet complete taste! In addition--]

And he suddenly became speaking out his impression like a food critic .

…… What to do? Cedric-san’s is different from the usual .

Have I perhaps mixed something strange into the curry? Is this world’s cardamon or clover actually used as stimulant medicine or something……

It was such doubtful scene .

Cedric-san’s sons Theodore-kun and Latis-kun were watching their father dumbfoundedly .

[Chichiue, you are entirely different from usual……]

[Un . It’s my first time seeing such Chichiue~]

Cedric-san was talking about the deliciousness of curry for ten minutes straight .

[It has been a while since I’ve gotten so passionate . Yeah, we are already fine, so you guys come down and eat too . Takumi-san, you don’t mind, do you?]

[…… N, no, it’s alright]

Ah, it’s the usual Cedric-san .

Apparently, the servants were restless from wanting to eat the curry, so Cedric-san did a tactful thing and allowed them to leave the room .

I have left a large pot of curry in the kitchen before the dinner, but because the servants can’t eat before the Lord of this house, Cedric-san, they had to standby .

Since they have gotten the permission to eat the curry, they are probably moving to the kitchen now .

The servants waiting at the table withdrew and after a few minutes--

--Batan!

Suddenly, the door of the dining room was opened with a loud noise .

[Head Chef? What is the matter?]

It was the Head Chef of the Risner House who entered the dining room .

Cedric-san spoke to the Head Chef who entered in a rush .

[Excuse me, Dannasama! I’m aware that I’m being discourteous, but I couldn’t stay still after tasting that dish……]

[That means, you were impressed by Takumi-san’s dish?]

The Head Chef instantly moved to my side and suddenly kneeled on the floor .

[Takumi-sama! That dish called curry is wonderful! It’s my first time experiencing such impact from eating a dish after such a long time! By all means, please make me your apprentice!]

[Eeh?!]

A, apprentice?! What is this Head Chef saying all of sudden!?

[…… Umm, I’m sorry]

[Eh!? Why!? Are my abilities not enough?! Even though I look like this, I have been earnestly cooking until now! W, what am I lacking~?]

No, I’m not a cook in the first place, so I can’t take an apprentice . Therefore, I refused, but the Head Chef doesn’t seem to be convinced .

[Now there, Riyan . You must not trouble Takumi-san too much . Takumi-san is not a cook but a simple adventurer, so it’s not like he can take an apprentice]

It’s exactly like that .

[However, Dannasama~]

[Well, I understand what Riyan is trying to say . Cream bread and Jelly, butter and soy sauce scallops, and now the curry . After making so many new dishes, it would be weird if you weren’t a cook]

[Ehh……]

…… He said something rude . To call me weird……

[Takumi-san . Apprentice might be unreasonable, but are you planning on putting the curry spices on market?]

Eh? Putting the curry spices on the market?

[Umm…… do you mean you would like to buy the recipe?]

[No, I don’t wish to buy it individually like the Cream bread, but I think it’s something that should be sold to a lot of people with a formal contract with a company]

The talk became somewhat big, didn’t it~ But--

[I haven’t thought about it]

[May I inquire why?]

[Yeah . Half of the ingredients used for the curry spice are used as medicinal plants . Using it individually would be rather more preferable, as it would be necessary to purchase the ingredients in large quantities otherwise . Therefore, I would like to avoid a sudden price jump of herbs used in medicine]

If you suddenly start using herbs like seasonings, won’t the price skyrocket with a high demand? If so, there would be people who won’t be able to afford medicine anymore, I don’t want that .

[I see, there’s certainly a possibility of that . I will investigate a little, but if there’s no problem around that area, would you consider selling it?]

[Yes . That wouldn’t be a problem]

Cedric-san will conduct a market research regarding the sale of the curry spice, but it has been decided that I will tell Cedric-san only the spices that are used in medicine .




Chapter 68

After the meal, we decided to move to the lounge and chat with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun .

Incidentally, Cedric-san apparently still has to work, so he returned to his office .

[Takumi-san, what monsters have you defeated so far?]

[What kind of place is a dungeon?]

[Umm…… you two have interest in such stories?]

[[Yes!]]

[Stories about defeating dragons are my favorite]

[Mine too!]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun apparently love stories about adventure and heroic tales, so they asked about the stories of our actual experiences .

Therefore, I decided to talk a bit about the incident in Shirin .

[Allen-kun and Elena-chan are going on adventures together with Takumi-san, right? Isn’t it dangerous?]

[Ah~…… well, it’s not like there’s no danger, but you see . Allen and Elena are strong~]

[Strong?]

[Un, strong~]

[Stronger than a wolf?]

[Than a goblin?]

[If it’s a wolf or a goblin, the two can easily defeat it~]

[[Ooh~]]

[Amazing!]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun look at Allen and Elena with eyes full of respect .

[[……]]

As if shy by that, Allen and Elena who are sitting on both of my sides cling to my and hide their faces to escape .

[Look, Allen, Elena . You are being praised as amazing, you know?]

[[Uniyu~……]]

The two press and shake their heads from side to side against me . This is not shyness……

[It seems they got so happy from being praised they got embarrased]

[Is that so?]

[It’s like that, isn’t it?]

[[Uniyu~]]

When I say that, Allen and Elena press and shake their heads again .

No, this is adorable, but!

My cheeks loosened from seeing their unusual reaction .

After that, when I continued talking with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun for a while, Allen and Elena started participating in the conversation little by little .

Did they get a little bit closer?

◇ ◇ ◇

[This will be finished after it boils down]

[Read beans could be used in such way, huh]

Today, we have come to the Risner House’s affiliated bakery . That is, of course, to teach them how to make Cream bread and Anpan .

Although I say that, because the jam buns have already spread, they know the way to insert the filling into the bread dough, so I’m only teaching them custard cream and red bean paste recipes .

Oh well, because the other side are pros, they were able to make it after I showed it once without any problem .

[That’s all for the recipe . Because I tink the boiling down and sweetness should be left to the store’s preferences, please make it several times and search for the best one]

[It’s certainly necessary to make it several times with various sweetness levels, but regarding how to make it, we will follow what we were taught . Iya~ nevertheless, it’s like a dream to be able to make Cream bread and Anpan in our store!]

The shop manager has a very splendid store since he’s a purveyor to a noble’s house, but his personality is very broad-minded, so because he was polite person right from the start, the teaching session progressed very smoothly . As expected of a person chosen by Cedric-san .

Becuase my instruction ended, I decided to make a new bread from here .

First, I mixed the liquid I just obtained by extracting it from Kahee beans with the custard cream and made a Cream bread with that .

It’s faintly bitter, but I think even Allen and Elena would be able to eat this .

Kahee itself is a little expensive, so I don’t think it’s possible to sell this in a store, but it’s enough to enjoy it by ourselves .

Next is, as expected, a curry bread . The filling is the curry I made yesterday!

The curry made for the curry bread has plenty of finely chopped vegetables and keema curry like meat .

It’s more of a piroshki rather than a curry bread, but let’s go with a curry bread!

Speaking of curry bread, it’s generally fried in oil, but I decided to leave out frying and bake it in an oven . Because I thought there would be ruckus again if I start frying it .

I wrap the curry bread and store it in the《Inifnite Storage》 . I think I will fry later in secret . Because of that, I made a rather large amount of curry and also prepared a lot of dough .

Ah, stretching the dough and wrapping it around a sausage to make a sausage bread might be good?

It’s fine to bake it, but I would prefer to fry this as well, right~ Yosh, let’s make a large portion of this as well and store some in the《Infinite Storage》for later frying .

Next, I cut the dough which I molded into a round shape, and insert mayonnaise, tuna, and finely chopped onions . Right, it’s tuna onion bread .

Ah, I should make tunamayo sandwich too . Let’s make it next time~♪

Yosh! Only fermenting and baking is left .

The moment the bread finished baking, the children gathered around the iron plate I have taken out of the oven .

[[Everything seems so delicious!]]

[[Delish~]]

[Allen, Elena . It looks delicious, doesn’t it?]

[[Looks delish~]]

[Un, right]

In fact, today, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun came together with us for the bread making .

Although I say that, I invited them myself when Cedric-san informed me of the schedule .

Yesterday, Allen and Elena opened their hearts a little, so it was a really good timing .

[The iron plate is hot, so don’t touch it, okay~]

[Ye~s]

I removed the heat from the bread with magic and cut it into four equal pieces . Because there are six kinds, it would be certainly too much for the children to eat it all .

[Here you go]

[It’s fine to eat it?!]

[Sure it is~]

[Wa~ Itadakimasu]

[Itadakimasu]

[Here, this is Allen’s and Elena’s]

[[Un! Itadakima~su]]

The four started eating the bread at once .

[Delicious (Delish~)]

The impressed voices of the four children splendidly harmonize .

[Anpan is delicious as well]

[Aniue, the curry bread is differently delicious from the curry we ate yesterday]

[[Cre~am!]]

[That’s right . Cream bread is certainly delicious as well]

[Yes, this Kahee Cream bread is also delicious . I couldn’t drink Kahee because it was bitter, but I can eat it if it’s like this]

[[Un!]]

The four children were eating bread while talking about which they prefer . Un, un, they are getting along very well~

While observing the children getting so along--

[Takumi-dono! Every bread is really wonderful! By all means, make me your apprentice!]

[I’m sorry . I will refuse]

[T, that can’t be~……]

…… An apprentice appeared even here . This bakery’s shop manager .

Of course, I immediately refused .

[[Onii~ chan]]

Ignoring the shop manager-san who’s hanging his head, after storing the bread I’m going to take with us into the《Infinite Storage》, the children who finished eating the bread came to my side .

Because Allen and Elena were clinging to me with all their heart, they were really happy when I gently stroked their heads .

[Takumi-san, it was very delicious]

[It was delicious]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun give me their honest impressions . What a good children they are~

[Were they to your liking?]

[[Yes]]

[I see, I’m glad~ Then, your Otousan must be “still not here~” expecting us, so let’s return with some gifts]

Cedric-san wanted to go with us, but he had to stay at home to tend to the official duties .

[Ah~ Chichiue wanted to come along so much]

[He was so disappointed when Joshua told him that he couldn’t go~]

Un, he looked extremely disheartened to me as well . Moreover, he was forcibly dragged to the office by Joshua-san .

As it seems he would escape from the house when a chance arises, I think we should return earlier .

[It would be too pitiful to keep him waiting, so let’s go, everyone~]

[Ye~s]




Chapter 69

We have left from Bailey early in the morning and arrived at a certain mountain after a half day of walking .

[Joule, Feat, thank you]

[Wafu][Gau]

Although I say that, I have summoned Joule and others after getting slightly away from the town and we moved on them, so it didn’t take that much time to arrive at the destination .

[N~, would it be better if you turned small here?]

[Kyan][Naa~]

It’s unhabituated mountain, but it would be unsuitable to keep riding on Joule’s and other’s backs on this mountain, so I had them turn smaller .

The space between the trees is considerably narrower compared to the Gaya Forest, so it doesn’t seem like running around in their big forms would be good .

[Garu~]

Vector was in his small form since I summoned him . Well, although I say small, he’s as big as Allen and Elena . Rather, Vector is slightly bigger .

[Now then, what shall we do?]

[Herb~]

[Searching~]

[Eh? Herb searching? It’s not like we have accepted a request, it’s okay to play around, you know?]

When I asked the children what they want to do, they returned an unexpected reply .

I thought of receiving a request before coming here at first, but I somehow didn’t want to go to this place’s Adventurer’s Guild, so we have not received any requests today .

That’s why I thought of normally playing today, but to think they would want to do herb searching……

[Lemme see~…… ah!]

Right . It might be a good idea to look for the materials and herbs used as spices for curry . When I looked around lightly, and as I thought, I found a mint growing nearby .

[Allen, Elena . Shall we look for plants and herbs for today’s meal?]

[[Un, let’s do it~]]

Allen and Elena have displayed a great motivation .

At the same time, Joule and others drew closer to us .

[Oh, everyone will help us out?]

[Kyan][Naa~][Pii~][Garu~]

That being the case, I thought of searching for plants and herbs while strolling around the mountain, but--

[[Ah!]]

[Allen, Elena?]

Suddenly, Allen and Elena began feeling presences from the surroundings .

When I also looked around with【Detection】, I sensed several presences at some distance away .

[Ah~……]

Furthermore, they are surrounding us from all sides .

The presences are also gradually approaching us . This is obviously not the movement of animals or monsters . No need to guess, this is……

And then, after a few minutes, ten-odd people holding weapons appeared .

We are just passing by, they won’t be saying that, will they? As I thought, they are bandits, aren’t they~

When I used【Appraisal】to see their status, their occupation had properly【Bandit】beside it . We have encountered a troublesome group .

[Head~ They are a man and two brats]

[No woman, huh . You bastards, kill the man and steal the valuables . Don’t kill the brats, we are going to sell them]

[Ussu!]

It looks like fighting can’t be avoided .

Even if you kill bandits, it won’t become a crime in this world . But, I don’t think of proceeding to kill them . I do not intend to hesitate because they are dangerous, but I don’t plan on staining our hands on opponents of such degree . I would like to avoid taking lives as much as possible .

I thought of reaching my hands and pulling Allen and Elena behind me, but the two are already in a complete battle mode . Even if I tell them, they won’t obediently back away, right?

[Allen, Elena . Are you not willing to let Oniichan take care of this?]

[Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

…… Un, they are eager to act .

[Oniichan wants to be entrusted with this?]

[[………… Doing~]]

They seemed to be conflicted a little, but they don’t withdraw . How unfortunate .

[Ah~…… then, can you go easy? You must absolutely not kill, okay?]

[[Can do~]]

The two are usually obedient, but they are surprisingly belligerent .

[Joule, Feat, Bolt, and Vector will……]

[Kyan][Na~u][Pii][Garu]

…… They are fully motivated as well .

[…… You guys hold back too, okay? Please, avoid killing as much as possible]

[Kyan][Na~u][Pii][Garu]

Everyone except Bolt are in their small forms, but all of them should be able to instantly kill if going seriously .

I beg you, don’t overdo it! We obviously have too much fighting power!

[You bastards, let’s go-!]

[Ooohーーー]

With the command of the man called Head, the bandits simultaneously rushed at us .

Using it as a signal, the children faced the bandits .

[[Yaa!]]

[[Guwa……]]

[Kyan][Nnaa][Garu~]

[[[Guwa……]]]

[Piii]

[Giyaaーーー]

The bandits decreased in numbers in no time .

Ah~ Lemme see, lemme see…… un, they are fine . They didn’t die .

I thought it would be difficult to render the bandits incapable of fighting, but it appears the children can properly control their power . I’m a bit relieved .

[You bastards, what are you doing against brats, dogs, and cats!!]

[H, however, Head! These guys are str~ong!]

The Head gets angry seeing his underlings get beaten one after another, and the remaining underlings are preparing to flee .

[[Yaa!]]

[Gufu]

[Gawa]

Thus, Allen and Elena knock them out as well .

Not being able to endure, the Head faced the children while a holding a knife--

[You bastards! If you want to live--guha!]

Vector slammed into the Head with all his power .

[[[H, Head!!?]]]

[Garu~♪]

The Head flew slightly backward, but Vector’s attack was a simple ramming attack…… he will surely live……

[T, there’s no way we can win against fellows like these~~~]

[Oopsy, I won’t let you escape]

[Hiii!!]

Looking at their companions getting beaten one after another, one of the remaining bandits tried to escape .

I swiftly move behind him and place a knife against his throat .

[Are all of your companions here? Ahh, will you also tell me where your hideout is?]

[P, please wait-!]

[If you don’t answer quickly, my clumsy hand might slip, you know?]

[Hiiiiii!! Talk, I will talk! I will talk so, p, please spare me…]

When I lowered my knife, the bandit immediately answered my questions .




Chapter 70

According to what I heard from the bandit I have caught, there are less than ten of companions in the hideout .

Moreover, it seems that the hideout is in a place on this mountain .

In truth, I wanted to report the information obtained from the bandit when we returned to the town, but would it be better to clean up the hideout since it’s nearby?

[[Finished~]]

While getting the needed information from the bandit, Allen and Elena ran up to me . It appears they have defeated all of the remaining bandits .

[Welcome back . Were you able to properly hold back, I wonder~]

[[Un . Able~]]

After confirming the defeated bandits just in case, there wasn’t anyone who died .

When I tied the bandits with a rope so they couldn’t escape and wondered whether to bring them with us to the hideout, Vector looked at me with some kind of expectations .

Somehow, when I tied the end of the rope from the bundle of bandits, Vector was--

[Garu~♪]

He was easily dragging ten-odd adult men behind him in a happy mood .

I thought that Vector looked strong the first time I saw him, but it seems it was just like that .

I couldn’t be bothered, so I decide to have Vector transport the bandits .

We immediately went towards the bandit’s hideout .

Will we arrive at the hideout soon? When I used【Detection】with such thoughts, there were seven responses . These responses must be the remaining bandits .

When quietly moving from there, we immediately discovered a hideout-ish cave .

When I peeped at the situation, I saw the bandits having a drinking bout at the cave’s entrance . Their appearances are not different from the bandits we have defeated, but I use【Appraisal】to check just in case .

Un, they are bandits .

From what was told to me, the remaining numbers were around ten, so it can be said that seven is everyone…… but, because they use the inside of the cave as a dwelling, there’s a possibility of others being inside…… as expected, even my【Detection】can’t check the cave’s interior .

Well, after tidying up the people outside, should we examine the cave too?

[Yaa!]

[[Guha]]

[Kyan][Nnaa][Piii]

[[[Gyaaーーー]]]

[Garu~]

[[Ugyaa-]]

While having such thoughts, the children immediately defeated the bandits drinking at the front of the cave .

[Hahaha~]

My turn didn’t appear once again .

Well, let’s assume that it’s alright that my turn didn’t come . But, however!

[Vector! Stop chasing after the bandits while dragging bandits behind you]

Vector’s behavior was a bit intolerable, so I have cautioned him .

[Garu~n♪]

However, Vector I have cautioned returned expression that seemingly wanted to say[Eh? Why?] .

Vector should be the oldest one among the contracted beast, but…… can I settle this with being a simple-mindedness?

First of all, because I would feel awkward if the bandits we have caught with great troubles die, I unfasten them from Vector and tie them up to a nearby tree .

I ask Joule and others to watch after the bandits after tying up those who were rolling on the ground and decide to enter the cave with just me, Allen, and Elena .

[[Onii~ chan]]

[N?]

[[There~]]

Allen and Elena call me to halt and point at a wall immediately after entering the cave .

It looked just like a wall, but now that I look at it, it certainly looks suspicious . When I strongly push against the wall, the wall of rocks started moving . It was apparently a trapdoor .

[This is amazing]

When I peek behind the moving wall, there was a small room filled with casually piled up things . Money, weapons, ornaments, art, and bottles of liquor .

I guess this is the treasury room where bandits store their loot . It’s surprising to see a hidden room that can be only found in dungeons in a normal cave .

[Allen and Elena, good job noticing . You are amazing~]

[[Ehehe~]]

When I pat and praise Allen and Elena, the two get bashfully happy .

Now then, the rights to the bandit’s property--all of the various articles transfer to those who caught them, otherwise, those who have defeated them . In other words, there’s no problem for us to take it .

Therefore, I decided to store everything in the《Infinite Storage》for the time being . It would take time to sort it out . I will check the contents later .

After collecting the treasure, we continued walking to the depths of the cave .

When advancing smoothly to the depths of the cave, not meeting a single bandit on the way, we have arrived at a prison-like place .

Several women and children were locked in that prison .

When we arrive at the prison, the people inside got simultaneously scared . However, when they confirm our figures, they alternate their gazes between the children and me .

To them, it must look like I’m one of the bandits who abducted the children…… as expected, it will make me sad if they make such mistake .

But, it’s okay, right? The fright the women showed when we entered disappeared……

[Umm, we are adventurers . We have defeated the bandits, so please be at ease]

[Eh? R, really?]

[Yeah, everything is all right now . I will open the prison now]

When I appeal to them that they are okay, that it’s safe now, the voices of relief resound .

I immediately grasped the key hanging on the wall and unlocked the prison, then we took the escorted the people outside .

[…… We are saved, aren’t we?]

After getting out of the cave, the women who saw the tied up bandits muttered . There were some who even shed tears .

I was worried about having the bandits who injured them at the same place as them, so I drove away the bandits to a blind spot . I would like them to endure with that for now .

Now then, the problem now is what to do with the women and children that were caught .

There’s a distance of a half a day on foot from here to the town . It’s not an unwalkable distance, but I’m afraid they don’t currently have the strength to walk that far .

But, while that may be true, it’s not like we can leave from here to get a carriage .

Although the bandits are tightly tied up, I can’t be sure that there aren’t any survivors . Of course, a monster attack is also possible . They won’t be able to defend against that .

I could leave Allen and Elena with them, but although there wouldn’t be a problem of fighting power, the girls’ anxiety would be fanned with Allen’s and Elena’s appearances .

Conversely, staying behind myself and sending Allen and Elena to town……

In the first place, I didn’t have an opportunity to be separated from the two for a longer period of time yet . As expected, it’s impossible to perform without rehearsal .

U~n, I’m troubled…… what to do?

[Say, Joule . Could you pass a letter to the soldiers in the town?]

[Kyan]

Oh?

After wondering whether Joule or others could run to the town on my behalf, I tried asking without expectations, yet Joule gave me a reliable reply .

[Eh? Will you be really okay? Can you go to the town alone and let them know?]

[Kyan!]

When I confirm with Joule just in case, Joule barks as if saying[Leave it to me] .

Shall I leave this to Joule?

[Then, Joule . Be careful, okay?]

[Kyan]

I decided to have Joule go to the town with a letter .

The letter says that we have defeated the bandits and gained control of their hideout . I also wrote that there were women and children held prisoners in the hideout .

Then, I requested for their protection and arrangements for carriage and to escort the bandits .

Joule’s mission is to hand over that letter to someone in the town of Bailey and guide them to this place .

Just in case, I handed my identification papers to Joule, and I saw Joule off to the town .




Chapter 71

After seeing Joule off, I decided to distribute emergency food to the people who were held as prisoners . Because they seem to have not eaten anything decent for a while .

I will have Feat and Bolt continue watching over the bandits and surroundings, and I think of asking Allen and Elena to help me .

…… Vector is sprawled next to the bandits . He seems to be sleeping, so I will leave him alone .

[Allen, Elena . Come and help me for a bit~]

[[Ye~s]]

Now then, what should I cook? I think something easy to digest sounds good, but…… would a tasty soup with well-boiled ingredients be good?

[[What doing~?]]

[Could you two grind this?]

[[Un, got it~]]

I will have Allen and Elena make fish balls .

I fillet the Arrowfish we obtained in the Dungeon of Ripples and ask the two to grind them with a pestle . I don’t have a food processor, so we use a mortar and pestle for grinding medicinal plants as a substitute .

Mortar and pestle--I have acquired few sets for when making curry spices .

While Allen and Elena are working, I put water in a pot and chop vegetables one after another .

[Allen, Elena . How is it?]

[[N~?]]

I take a peek at the fish the cooperating children ground .

[Oh, it looks good~]

[[Onii~ chan, done~?]]

[Un, it’s done~ thank you]

[[Un!]]

I receive the fish paste Allen and Elena made, mix it with eggs, minced ginger, and salt…… and it’s done!

From what I remember, the method of making fish balls included potato starch, but I don’t have it so it can’t be helped . I do have corn, though~ Let’s look for the potato starch next time and use this for today!

[Allen, Elena . Next, do this like that……]

The vegetables are boiled just right, so I show them how to scoop the fish balls on a spoon and put them into the pot .

[Make them into mouthful sizes and put them in . Can you do it?]

[[Can do~]]

[The hot water will jump out if you put the fish balls in the pot too vigorously, so do it slowly, okay?]

[[Un!]]

[Yosh! Then, let’s do it]

The three of us peacefully insert the fish balls into the pot .

After the fish balls are cooked, I adjust the salty taste…… and it’s done!

The seasoning is simple with salt . I could have made it with soy sauce or miso too, but they should be more used to eating the saltiness .

[[Looks delish~]]

[Thank you . Would Allen and Elena like to eat too once we distribute it to everyone?]

[[Un!]]

Without delay, I serve the soup in bowls and distribute it to the children and women .

The tableware I had at hand wasn’t enough, but I somehow managed by using cups as soup bowls . I should get a little bit more tableware, don’t I?

A chance for distributing emergency food like that might not happen again, but I will purchase more immediately after returning just in case .

Also, on occasion, let’s purchase a proper furniture, so I don’t have to use a wooden box instead of a kitchen table . I would also like nice stools for Allen and Elena .

[[Delish~ right~]]

[Nnya~][Piii][Garu~n♪]

Allen and Elena start eating together with all contracted beasts except Joule .

When I was about to deliver the soup to Vector, he was standing on alert before the pot before I noticed…… what a calculating personality Vector has~

Once Joule returns, I will let him eat lots as a reward .

After the meal had finished, their complexions got a little better, and they also seem to have calmed down . They thanked us for the meal, and said[It was delicious]as their impressions .

After the meal, we have spent the time slowly .

Then, before the sun started setting, I could see the soldiers climbing the mountain . It seems Joule returned and brought along people .

《Goshujinsama, I have returned~!》

[Eh!?]

Joule who swiftly returned plunged into my chest .

At that time, a boyish voice resounded directly in my head .

《I was able to do it properly~ Praise me, praise me~!》

I heard the voice again . This is a【Telepathy】 .

The owner of the voice is definitely Joule .

[Yosh, yosh . Joule, thank you~]

[Kyau~n, kyau~n]

When I pat Joule who wonderfully accomplished his errand, he let out a comfortable cry .

In the meanwhile, when I confirm Joule’s status, there was【Telepathy】as I thought .

《Joule, when did you become able to use【Telepathy】?》

There are others around, so I use【Telepathy】as well and try asking Joule .

《Just a little bit ago! I was able to use it while returning! With this, I can chat with Goshujinsama~》

《That’s right~》

It appears he learned it while on the errand . With this, I’m able to communicate with Joule without speaking .

Until now, the proficiency of my【Telepathy】skill was low and I could use【Telepathy】only in a one-way . However, because Joule and others understand my speech, I didn’t find the need of using【Telepathy】 .

Although it’s a perfect skill to give instructions to others without letting others know .

《By the way, Joule . Could you stop calling me Goshujinsama?》

《Why~? Gushujinsama doesn’t like it~?》

I decided to change Joule’s way of addressing me .

Although no one would hear our conversation, being called Goshujinsama is a little bit embarrassing, so I would like to be called differently . Urgently .

《N~ Rather than not liking it, I won’t be able to get accustomed to it, or won’t be able to feel calm? Just Takumi is fine》

《Muu~》

When I told him he could call me by my name, Joule raised a displeased voice . He apparently doesn’t like to call me by my name .

《You don’t like that? Then, do you have an easy way of addressing me that isn’t Goshujinsama?》

《N~~~ Then, can I call you Oniichan?》

《Un, you can》

《Ya~y . Oniicha~n》

I’m used to be called “Oniichan,” so I would prefer that over Goshujinsama . In the first place, Joule and others also seem like younger siblings to me .

By the way, according to Joule, Feat and others are also apparently calling me Goshujinsama .

It’s possible that Feat and others will learn【Telepathy】too, so I spoke to them and told them not to call me Goshujinsama .

Then, the other three also settled on the “Older brother” relationship .

I’m interested how they will address me now, but I will look forward to the day the three animals can speak to me directly .

《Ah, Allen, Elena . I’m back~》

Joule switches his gaze to Allen and Elena and jumps into their embrace .

[[Jou~le?]]

《That’s right! It’s me!》

[[Oo~ Jou~le, welcome back~]]

《I’m back~》

Although surprised by Joule’s【Telepathy】, Allen and Elena immediately started playing with Joule who safely returned .

[Takumi-dono]

While watching over the children, my name was suddenly called .

[Eh!? Ricardo-san?]

When I look back, I saw that the soldiers were already here . It appears they arrived while I was talking with Joule . Among them was a Knight of the Risner House--Ricardo-san .

It must have been Ricardo-san who called me . Apparently, not only soldiers were dispatched to secure the bandits, but Knights as well .

[Were you dispatched by Cedric-san?]

[Yes, that’s correct . It’s only natural for us to come when Takumi-dono is awaiting support after catching bandits]

Natural…… is it? Rather, they have already reported to Cedric-san, huh……

Umm…… this matter won’t raise any ruckus, nor it’s something to get angry about, right?

[Did Cedric-san say something?]

[He was grateful . The actions of these bandits were recently too flashy, so the damage they caused increased . I would like to thank you as well . Thank you very much]

Ricardo-san lowered his head, and I panicked .

[N, no . It’s only by accident that we have encountered them……]

[But still . It’s thanks to Takumi-dono that these people were safely rescued . By the way, Takumi-dono . These animals are…… putting the puppy and kitten aside, is that bird perhaps a Thunderhawk? Also, that red one is still young, but it looks like a Scarlet King Leo to me……]

[Ah……]

…… Crap .




Chapter 72

[Umm……]

Ricardo-san has properly seen my contracted beasts .

Moreover, didn’t he completely saw through Vector’s real identity!

It appears that Scarlet King Leo that is Vector can be distinguished even in the small form .

Un, I knew! Of course, I knew!

When Joule gets small he looks like a puppy, Feat looks like a kitten, however, the little Vector still looks like a lion!

Because the women I have saved didn’t make a fuss about it, I completely forgot to return him~~~

As expected, it wouldn’t be possible to deceive him after seeing this much . Un, let’s prepare for the worst and introduce them~

[Ricardo-san, those children are my contracted beasts]

[Contracted beasts!? Eh, that harmless-looking puppy . And also that kitten, they are monsters!?]

Hearing that they are my contracted beasts, Ricardo-san finally realizes that Joule is not just a puppy, but a monster .

I could have insisted that Joule and Feat are just normal pets . However, that would spring discussion where the two came from . That’s why told him honestly .

But well, it would be safer to be quiet about what type of monsters they are .

[I’m sorry, but please return first Bolt, Vector]

[Piii]

[Garu~n]

Because I’d like to avoid further troubles, I have Bolt and Vector who’s identity have been seen through return into my shadow first .

Fortunately, we weren’t near the bandits and the saved women and children, so no one except Ricardo-san and the several people who came to us got to know, so it unexpectedly didn’t become an uproar .

Allen and Elena are currently embracing Joule and Feat, so I left them as they are . I still have not given Joule his reward after all .

[So, Ricardo-san . What shall we do from now on? Do you have any instructions?]

I have plainly evaded the topic and asked Ricardo-san about his original purpose .

He probably approached us only to give his thanks for capturing the bandits .

[Ah, yes, that’s right . Takumi-san, please depart towards the town immediately and take the women and children with you]

The people who were victims of the bandits are to return to the town first, and the bandits will be escorted later . Also, some will remain here at the hideout and watch out for the bandit remnants who will return tomorrow, so we are splitting into three groups .

[Also, I have a message from Cedric-sama . [Please return at once]]

[…… Roger]

That message without a doubt doesn’t mean “to the town,” but “to the mansion . ”

Don’t make any detours and return straight to the house .

While talking with Ricardo-san, the preparations to descend the mountain has been already finished .

Well, the bandits have been properly restrained, all that was left was to prepare the women and children for the travel . They have been divided into groups of those who can’t move by themselves and those who can .

Besides, in order to return before the night falls, they couldn’t afford to be slacking off .

I descended the mountain together with children at the end of the envoy, and we returned to the town in carriages that were prepared at the bottom of the mountain .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Takumi-san, Allen-kun, Elena-san, welcome back]

When we return to the Risner mansion, Cedric-san came to greet us first for some reason .

At glance, he seems to be smiling, but…… somehow, he’s exuding a different emotion . An angry one at that .

[…… We have returned . Cedric-san, thank you very much for dispatching your people . Thanks to that, the matter has been smoothly settled]

[No . That’s a matter of course, so please don’t mind it . Rather, I should be the one thanking you for catching the bandits who were rampant in my territory]

Let’s go to the office first, we went to Cedric-san’s office first just as he said, but Cedric-san’s state is really on my mind .

What is it…… as I thought, he seems to be angry……

But, the last words we have exchanged were words of gratitude . Ricardo-san thanked me about the bandit’s matter as well…… then, is it a different matter?

…… Have I done something to spoil Cedric-san’s mood?

It would be faster to just ask about it myself, huh……

[Umm…… Cedric-san . Did we unknowingly do something to you?]

Because we have arrived at the office, I asked him at once .

[No, there’s not such a thing]

[…… Is that so?]

Cedric-san denied it . It doesn’t seem like we have done something, but……

[Yeah, it just when I tried to ask about the new bread I had received yesterday, Takumi-san and children have disappeared first thing in the morning]

[……]

Eh!? Cedric-san is in a bad mood because of that!?

In fact, yesterday when we returned with the new bread, Cedric-san had a visitor, so we left it with Joshua-san . That day, we weren’t able to meet with Cedric-san at all .

And because today, we have gone out early in the morning, we weren’t able to meet Cedric-san again .

No, of course, I have notified the servants that we are going out, but…… Cedric-san is angry about that…… Rather, that’s the cause of his sulkiness?

[Ce, Cedric-san, I’m sorry for not directly talking to youー!!]

[No, no, there’s no need to report to me every single time Takumi-san goes out]

[N, no! I should have given you a word before leaving]

Yeah, he had some impressions about bread, but he couldn’t meet me . What to say about this reason…… I couldn’t even imagine it .

[Then, please keep me company and slowly talk to me about the bread later, okay?]

[Yes!]

When Cedric-san shelves the matter regarding the bread, he then fixedly stares at Joule, and Feat Allen and Elena are holding .

[So, Takumi-san . I heard that it was a puppy who informed the town about that matter? It’s the one Allen-kun is holding, right? You also had a kitten…… you have not had any animals with you until now, didn’t you? Since you have sent it on an errand, it’s not like you have picked them up today, right? Just where these children were until now?]

Because there were no animals with us since the day we arrived at Cedric-san’s mansion, he’s curious about where they have been staying until now .

Well, since my contracted beasts have been exposed to by Ricardo-san and he will surely let Cedric-san know later, I have no intention of concealing Joule and co . ’s existence now .

[These children are contracted beasts]

[Contracted beasts?]

[Yes, that’s right . Therefore, I don’t usually summon them]

[Is that so? Weren’t you reserved at our home?]

[No, that’s not the case . There are not many opportunities to summon them within a town, so . Ah, in addition to these two, I also have another two contracted beasts]

Ah, it’s only natural, but I keep silent about Kaiser .

[They are obedient and adorable for being monsters, aren’t they? I’m not much knowledgeable about monsters, but what kind of monsters are they?]

[……]

The problem is Joule’s and others’ race . Now then, what should I do?

I would like to keep it secret from as many people as possible, but--I don’t think it’s necessary to keep it a secret from people who are taking a good care of me .

I know that Cedric-san isn’t a person who would make a fuss about it even if he gets surprised .

In that case, shouldn’t I normally tell him?

[Allen-kun, Elena-san . What kind of monsters are those children?]

[[…… Nnya?]]

While worried about what should I do, Cedric-san suddenly switched his question to the children .

Allen and Elena alternated between Cedric-san’s and my face . And then--

[[Umm, you see~……]]

[Fuenrir~!]

[Kyan!]

[Cel taiga~!]

[Nnaa!]

When Allen held up Joule and showed him to Cedric-san, Joule cried in greetings . Then, when Elena held up and introduced Feat, Feat also cried in greetings .

[Haa?]

Cedric-san raised his voice in surprise at the children’s words . Following after that, he turned towards me while making gigigi sounds .

[Takumi-san?]

[Ah, by the way, the other two are--Bolt, Vector, come out~]

[Piii]

[Garu~n]

Taking advantage of Allen’s and Elena’s actions, I summon Bolt and Vector and show them to Cedric-san .

[Wwha!?]

Cedric-san who saw Bolt and Vector was lost for words at last .

Unexpectedly, the impact seems to have been really large .




Chapter 73

It was several minutes later that Cedric-san regained his motions . I heard him quietly mutter[It’s Takumi-san after all……]that time . It was a trivial mutter that an ordinary person wouldn’t be able to hear, but I ended up catching it with my hearing ability that was increased by the improvement of my physical abilities .

…… To consent just because “it’s me”…… I wonder about that .

Whether to insert a tsukkomi for being treated like that, or be delighted that he got used to my out of standard affairs…… un, it’s troubling .

First of all, let’s ignore Cedric-san’s muttering .

[Fenrir and Celestial Tiger…… in addition, Scarlet King Leo and Thunderhawk…… it was something I’ve asked, but was it all right to tell me?]

[I didn’t intend to keep it a secret no matter what so it’s fine]

I regard highly Allen’s and Elena’s opinion of other people .

Since the two have introduced Joule and Feat by themselves, it means the two have befriended Cedric-san .

I mean, the two won’t talk to people they meet for the first time or people they don’t trust in the first place .

On the contrary, they keep quiet even if spoken to .

If they get used to you, they will return a greeting if greeted, but it takes a certain level of trust before they will hold something like a conversation with you .

[A person Allen and Elena trust]＝[A person that is harmless to us, or perhaps even beneficial]

I perceive it like that .

[Well, I would like if you could avoid talking about that if possible though]

[No, no! I won’t! This is not an information that can be readily spread to others!]

[Hahaha~ Then, it’s alright]

Un, because he gave an immediate reply, Cedric-san is a good person as I thought .

After that, we have explained the details of meeting the bandits and going towards the hideout to Cedric-san . It was like a light investigation . Well, it was in a fixed form so it finished soon .

After speaking about the bandits, we talked about the bread as promised .

[What was that whitish thing you have used on the fish bread?]

[Ah~ are you perhaps talking about mayonnaise?]

[Mayonnaise is it?]

From the new bread that was brought to Cedric-san, he was most interested in the Tuna Onion Bread . Moreover, as soon as he bit into it, it wasn’t the tuna, but the mayonnaise that startled him .

Dishes made out of tuna exist, I have apparently just not found them yet, so he knew that it was a fish .

Dried, salted, pickled, pickled in oil…… because this is a world where such techniques are indispensable, it might be only natural to say that they have it .

There are also other techniques such as smoking and cheese processing .

It’s just that they recognize them as finished products and eat them just like that . There seem to be little to no improvements after that .

Even if they took another step, the food development wouldn’t stagnate for hundreds of years……

[Yeah . Put an egg yolk into a little of vinegar, mix in oil and add flavoring . You can mix it with fresh vegetables (salad), or use on dishes as a sauce]

I saw sparkles in Cedric-san’s eyes .

Un, I can understand what he wants to say even without hearing it~

[…… I will teach it to the Head Chef next time]

[Thank you very much!]

I told Cedric-san that I would teach the mayonnaise recipe to the Risner House’s Head Chef before he could ask .

And while at it, I will ask him to pass the information to the cooking department of the Craftsmen Guild .

Since Cedric-san doesn’t know, I think that there’s nothing like mayonnaise on Aetherdia .

I’m sure that spreading mayonnaise will be convenient . If it spreads, I should be able to avoid troublesome situations when I run out . It’s for the future .

Well, I wonder if someone who will sell mayonnaise is going to appear soon~ I have such little scheme . It would be better if I don’t have to make it myself .

Ah~ but, I will have to properly convey to use fresh eggs and tell them about the length of time which food products can be eaten . Also, to be careful of overeating?

[Ah, right, right . Takumi-san, there hasn’t been a problem with the ingredients for the curry spice, may I push the discussion forward?]

[Yes, go ahead]

I see, there hasn’t been a problem with the medicinal plants~

[I’m planning to bring the discussion to the Fiji Company since they are acquaintanced with Takumi-san . They are indebted to Takumi-san there, so the interest rates for Takumi-san should be quite flexible]

Apparently, the curry spice will get me percentages of the sales, not just money from the recipe itself .

Although Cedric-san undertook the negotiations, why do I feel like there’s no profit for him?

[That dividend? Is Cedric-san getting something out of it?]

[Me? Why?]

[Eh? Why, you ask…… Cedric-san should receive remuneration too, right? You were the one who is going to commercialize the curry spice, you were the one who examined the state of the medicinal plants, you will also surely undertake more negotiations in the future . I myself haven’t done anything, you know?]

Even though I was the one who provided the recipe, I really did only that .

Cedric-san is going to obviously spend more time and labor than the time I spent on the spice mix .

Rather, I wonder if the curry spice is fine to spread just like that…… I gave it a passing mark, but it’s far from complete . There’s room for improvement .

Crap…… I started feeling a bit uneasy……

Ah, but the chefs of the Risner House are using the curry spice I have given them and they are experimenting on what food it matches with . The quality and differences will spread at the hands of the people……

Anyhow, people who will research the blend of spices itself may actually appear . That wouldn’t be possible unless the spices are widespread……

Then, it’s fine, isn’t it? To leave it like that……

[No, no, if it’s profits, I have them]

Eh? Cedric-san has profits too?

[That the spice will spread with its place of origin in our territory is a profit in itself . And most importantly, my relationship with Takumi-san is my biggest profit . Please, accept the remuneration without minding, Takumi-san]

[……]

The relationship with me is a profit, huh……

Because I’m an A-rank adventurer and it would be easy to obtain materials of high-rank monsters? …… To be frank, it doesn’t need to be me . There are other A-rank adventurers .

Because I will be useful in subjugating bandits like this time? Although I say that, it’s only by coincidence that we came across the bandits .

Contract with S-rank monsters? I’ve just told him about it, so it’s weak as the reason .

Speaking frankly, I don’t think that I have that much of a value……

[Kukuku~ It’s curious, aren’t you~]

For some reason, I was laughed at by Cedric-san . Was I making such weird face, I wonder…… I’m frowning, so it’s quite possible .

But, I think that it’s reasonable . It’s difficult for me to accept it as a profit .

[Well then, Takumi-san . Won’t you let me eat[French Toast]as the compensation for my labor?]

[French Toast, is it?]

I didn’t think that a dish like that will come out off Cedric-san’s mouth .

[I hear that it’s Allen-kun’s and Elena-san’s favorite dish . They spoke about it to Theodore and Latis]

Ahh~ Which reminds me, the topic of the children’s favorite bread came out when Allen and Elena were getting along well with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun~ So they told about it to Cedric-san, huh~

I see, being able to eat unusual food and receiving my guidance becomes my value, huh .

Even if I think ‘it’s only food,’ I ascertained its value back in the Shirin as well .

[Roger . I will make it first thing in the morning]

If French Toast will make Cedric-san happy, why don’t I make it!

[[Furench Toast~!]]

When I announce French Toast for tomorrow’s breakfast, Allen and Elena who were obediently sitting beside me were delighted .

They really love French Toast .

[Kyan!《Oniichan, I want to eat it too!》]

[Nnaa!]

Following after them, Joule and Feat also appealed .

I have also received Joule’s telepathy .

The next morning, I’ve made the French Toast as promised, but rumors that I was making something unusual again spread around the mansion for some reason, and the servants of the Risner House quickly gathered .

Un, everyone what happened to your work……

In order for the mood to not become like during the curry all over again, I showed the chefs how to make it (they have pleaded with me, so I allowed it) and left it all to them . As expected, I wouldn’t want to make it for everyone all by myself!

By the way, we and the Risner family had the bread I’ve baked myself, but others used a round, normal bread .

They were further astonished by the baked bread, but the French Toast was naturally a great success .

It reached the extent that a French Toast occasionally appears on the dining table of the Risner House .




Chapter 74

[Hello~]

[Ou, it’s were, huh . I was waiting for you]

Today, we are visiting the blacksmith which we visited on the day we arrived in Bailey .

It’s in order to receive the accessories made from Kaiser’s scales and Evil Viper’s skin equipment I have requested .

When we enter the store, Boss was repairing weapons lined up on the shelf . Even though there seem to be other people to tend the store, he also has a disciple like Rudius-san, and yet Boss is performing the actions with a good feeling as if learned by heart .

[Oy, Rudi . Niichan has come~ Quickly bring your work of art over~!]

[W, wait a moment please~!!]

In order to bring the items we have ordered, Boss immediately called Rudius-san who inside . Rudius-san’s voice returned from a distance .

[Sorry about that . It seems that fellow worked to the very last moment]

[I’m looking forward to it]

Rudius-san was apparently working to the very last moment .

Boss said so exhaustedly, but I’m looking forward to it if he’s so concerned about it .

[Then, I will hand you over this first]

Saying that, Boss pointed at the gloves, breast plate, and gauntlet from Evil Viper skin lined at the counter . In addition, a gauntlet for Allen made from a different material .

I pick up the articles one by one and confirm their completion .

[Thank you very much . All of them have been made nicely]

[That’s excellent to hear . Evil Viper’s skin is really good material . I’ve been able to get a good experience too . Thank you]

When I thank for the various articles, Boss gave me his impressions about Evil Viper’s skin in return .

This and that about tanning, manufacturing progress…… he talked a lot . I didn’t understand over a half of that, but I couldn’t find the timing to stop him, so I decided to listen to Boss’ impressions for a while .

[So, Niichan . Did you not bring the hawk you are keeping?]

[…… Speaking of being here, then he is]

Boss was satisfied after talking about the manufacturing, but his next topic was about the hawk . Namely, it’s about Bolt .

[N? Is he outside? Since you have the chance, how about trying it?]

[…… Umm, is it fine inside the store?]

[I don’t mind . Since it’s a hawk Niichan is keeping, I feel like it will be something incredible . Please, try it out by all means]

Yesterday, the existence of my contracted beasts came to light, so even if I’m unwilling…… isn’t it fine?

[In that case……--Bolt]

Boss has given me his permission, so I put the gauntlet on my arm and called Bolt at once .

[Piiii~]

[Wwha!?]

When Bolt flew out of my shadow, Boss raised his voice in surprise . It’s startling after all~

Speaking of Bolt, he nimbly turned around in the narrow space of the store and lightly landed on top of my arm .

Un, the gauntlet feels nice . With this, Bolt will be able to land on my arm even if I’m not wearing a coat .

[Oy, oy, oy! Niichan, isn’t that a Thunderhawk!]

[Yes, that’s right]

[Pyuru]

[…… Niichan is full of surprises . I really didn’t think that a Thunderhawk would come out . Haa~ to think there would be a day I would be able to get so close to a Thunderhawk……]

It appears that Boss has expected that I would bring a monster instead of an ordinary hawk, but as I thought, he didn’t expect that I would bring the pinnacle of the hawk class monsters .

Because he was already plentily startled by the materials I have brought--Leviathan’s scale, Evil Viper’s skin, Mithril Spider’s thread, he nodded in consent just a little while after being surprised by Bolt . Far from that, he began observing Bolt .

[Onii~ chan! Allen too~]

[Oh, right . Allen wants to try it too?]

[Un!]

After I move Bolt from my arm to my shoulder, I place a gauntlet on Allen’s arm he presented .

[Bolt~ come~]

[Piii]

When Allen called Bolt, Bolt moved from my shoulder to Allen’s arm .

When Bolt landed on the arm of the small Allen, Bolt looked truly big~

[Ohh~! Bolt, good child~]

[Piii]

Allen started patting Bolt who landed on top of his arm .

[Elena too~ Bolt, good child~]

[Piii]

Elena got closer to Allen and Bolt too and started patting Bolt .

While the calm and gentle mood just started flowing, Rudius-san came out from the depths of the store .

[Thank you for waiti…… wha!! Why is a Thunderhawk in here!?]

He noticed Bolt before anything else .

[Niichan is keeping that one]

[Eh! Ehh!?]

[Rather than that Rudi, you are late . Will you not promptly show the articles!]

[Y, yesss, I’m sorry . These are the requested articles]

Pestered by Boss, Rudius-san swallowed his surprise and lined up three pendants on top of the counter .

The first one is a diamond shaped fragment of the scale with detailed patterns engraved on the framework . It’s a simple design with a few decorations .

The second one is a drop shaped fragment of the scale intertwined with a vine and small flower motifs . This one is surely Elena’s .

The third one is a circle shaped fragment with a snake…… no, a water dragon’s motif? Its lengthy body is looped, it’s the design where the dragon holds its tail in its mouth .

[Hee~ All of them look nice, don’t they?]

[[Ohh~]]

I think all of them are wonderful . Allen and Elena were sure to peek at the counter and raised their voices in admiration .

I’m satisfied overall, but there’s one thing on my mind . There’s a small, colorless gem used in what I believe is Elena’s pendant, but it feels as if it were loose . That’s probably because it’s a glass bead .

[The gem used for this flower is glass, isn’t it?]

[Ah~…… you could tell after all……]

[Why did you not use a jewel instead?]

[…… Because the prince would rise if a jewel was used, I hesitated to use it because of my own selfishness . Besides, this is young lady’s so…… umm, you see……]

[Hey, Rudi! Will you spit it out clearly!!]

[Uwa! Y, yes! I thought that there are no jewels suitable for children!! I’m sorry~!!]

It appears he understood that it’s for a child, so he hesitated to use a jewel .

[Can you replace it?]

[Yes, I can do that immediately]

I understand Rudius-san’s opinion on jewels and children, but we can’t let it be in this loose state .

I would like to replace it if I can . Something expensive is a bit…… but, it will lose to the water dragon……

[About that jewel, what do you want to use? There are not many kinds around the workshop, but……]

[Let’s see…… what does Elena want to do?]

[N~?]

[I’d like to exchange this glass, what color do you like?]

[Umm, you see…… ah, Elena likes pearls~!]

[Oh?]

Since it’s for Elena anyway, I asked for her favorite color, but she didn’t answer me with a color, but a type of jewel . That answer was slightly unexpected!

But, as for a pearl, I think it will compliment the design’s mood very well . I do have pearls the size of rice grain with suitable color at me too .

[Pearl, is it? I think pearls would be oversized, however…… in the first place, pearls are expensive even among other jewels, you know?]

I see . Pearls are high class even among other jewels, huh . I didn’t know that .

[I thought of using this]

First of all, I retrieved several pearls the size of a rice grain from the《Infinite Storage》 .

The colors are white, pink and yellow, that’s about it?

[Eh! Ehh!? What the hell is this~!!]

[Umu~…… these are~ pearls, aren’t they? It’s my first time seeing such small ones . Moreover, so many in different colors……]

[Eh!? These are pearls!? Seriously!?]

[Niichan is seriously…… it’s weird to take out these amazing things one after another, okay!]

No I mean, I would like to use what I have at me, you know~ If there’s an opportunity to use it and I won’t assertively use it then, it will go straight to the storage .

[I think the size should be fine, but what do you think?]

[Y, yes . It should be fine if it’s like this]

[Then, Elena . Which color do you like?]

[Elena likes this~]

Rudius-san said that the size is fine after taking a look at the pearls, so when I let Elena choose the color, she chose a pink pearl .

[Ah, yes, this is it then? In that case, I will attach it at once . I will stick through the string too, so would it be alright to take measures for the length?]

He braided the Mithril Spider’s thread and it became like a plaited cord .

[The children are already wearing pendants, but what would you like to do? Let them wear two?

[Eh!? Ah……]

I forgot that Allen and Elena are already wearing pendants with sealed magic effects .

Ah~ wearing any more than this will be obstructive~

[N~…… ah, right! Could I ask you to shorten the strings?]

[What do you want to do?]

[I thought of attaching them to their bags as decorations]

If it’s fastened next to their magic bags similarly to a keychain, it won’t get in their way .

The plan was to hang it from their necks and hide it under their clothes, so there won’t be a problem if it’s hidden by the hem of their shirts .

[I see . I understand . Umm, which one does the boy prefer?]

[Ah, that’s right . Allen, this or this, which one do you like better?]

Which reminds me, Elena has already decided, but I haven’t asked what Allen which likes better .

I immediately presented the two pendants to Allen and let him choose which one he likes more .

[Ntone~ Kaiza~]

Allen chose the one with the water dragon design .

Nevertheless…… Kaiser, huh . As Allen said, the water dragon’s motif looks just like Kaiser . Leviathan’s appearances were unexpectedly transmitted accurately .

[Kaiza~?]

[Ah…… it’s a name of a water dragon from a picture book]

[Ah, is that so? This one it is then]

I was able to deceive him well if I say so myself, all’s good .

Rudius-san went immediately to work, but he finished without taking too much time . We have received the ordered goods, all that’s left was to pay, but--

I wanted to pay with the powder from water dragon’s scales and pay the rest with money as planned at first, Boss and Rudius-san have stopped me .

They requested me to sell them not only the powder, but also the scraps from the Evil Viper’s skin and the remains of the Mithril Spider thread’s plaited cord instead . Not the unused skin and thread from cutting, but the remnants from the manufacturing process . Isn’t that garbage…… is what I thought, but the two made me silent with their serious eyes . Even if it has no use to me, it’s enough material to use for them .

This is that, isn’t it? The feeling I had when I saw the garbage dump site of the mermaids . Our positions have reversed though .

However, as I thought, I was hesitant to “sell” that to them, so I decided to give it to them . As thanks for doing a good job!

Also, because Bolt has started grooming before I noticed, they appealed to let them have a feather that fell of Bolt by all means . This, as expected, wasn’t possible to gift them, so I decided to sell it .

As a result, I made a considerable amount of money instead .

I received the goods I have ordered and got money…… Iya~ how strange~




Chapter 75

We who left the blacksmith searched for a furniture store with the thoughts of buying a bed and a table that would be used as kitchen table next . However, on the way, I noticed that this world doesn’t have a store that displays and sells furniture . At most, you can order to have it manufactured .

When we entered a workshop and I asked about the manufacturing, they seemed to be free at the moment, so they could make it in five days .

In that case, I decided to order it while we are in the town .

I intended to let them use the Gaya trees, but manufacturing good materials would take more time, so I gave up . Let’s use another opportunity to use Gaya trees for furniture .

Then, we walked around the store for a while buying small things such as tableware .

After shopping and returning to the Risner mansion, we were guided by Joshua-san to Cedric-san’s office while having an unrelated discussion .

Rather Joshua-san, if you have something to discuss, I wouldn’t plan on escaping even if you have that ‘I won’t let you escape’ aura around you~

[Cedric-san, we have returned . I heard from Joshua-san that you have something to discuss, but……]

[Ah, Takumi-san, welcome home . The reward for the bandit subjugation has been processed, so I thought of giving it to you]

A reward for the bandit subjugation……?

I see . Even if you didn’t receive the bandit subjugation request, those who subjugate them receive the reward?

[This is the reward for the subjugation of the[Red Cat Group] . Also, there were those with bounties on their heads among the bandits, so it has been decided to sell off all of the caught bandits as slaves . This is the payment from that]

Moreover, because the bandits were caught without being killed, they have been sold as slaves . The payment from that was prepared too .

[Also, Takumi-san . You have collected the belongings of the bandits from the hideout, right?]

[Yes, I did collect them . Huh? Should I return them?]

[No, no, that’s not it . All of that is already Takumi-san’s . It’s just that I would like to confirm whether a silver-framed painting is among it]

[A silver-framed painting? Wait a moment please . Umm……--]

I immediately spread out the item list and search for the painting .

[Ah, there it is . I think this is probably it, but……]

I take out the corresponding item from the《Infinite Storage》and place it on top of the table .

Hey, doesn’t this feel suspicious! Moreover, it’s not abstract, it feels awfully realistic……

Ah, hey there! Allen, Elena, don’t stare at it!

I immediately covered the children’s eyes .

[[Uniyu~?]]

[Stay like this for a bit]

[[U~n? Got it~]]

Allen and Elena found it strange that I abruptly covered their eyes, but they obediently abide when I told them to stay like that for a moment . It helps that they are obedient children~

[Yeah, this is it without a doubt . Takumi-san, there’s a person who would like to repurchase it, would that be fine with you?]

I don’t know whether it was stolen, but there’s someone who likes this painting to the extent of wanting to repurchase it?

How curious~ is what I thought, but honestly, I would be delighted if someone took it from me .

[Yes, I don’t mind . It’s just…… how do I negotiate this type of thing?]

[I don’t mind if you leave it to me . Although I say that, I think of paying a fair amount of money to a specialist]

[That’s no problem . Please take care of it]

The details around here will be surely all right if I leave it to Cedric-san .

I confirmed that Cedric-san let Joshua-san carry the painting out and I released my hands which were covering Allen’s and Elena’s eyes .

[[Nniyu?]]

The two who regained vision looked around restlessly .

[Huh~?]

[Not he~re?]

It appears they are searching for the painting that was in front of them before their eyes were blocked .

[[No picture~?]]

[Cedric-san told me[Gimme], so I gave him the picture]

[Hey! Takumi-san, that way of talking!]

Cedric-san who always has a calm atmosphere around me panicked at my words .

[[Ohh~]]

I made it easy for the children to understand that Cedric-san wanted the painting~ It was definitely not on purpose!

Moreover, because Allen and Elena were looking at Cedric-san while giving voices of admiration, Cedric-san got intriguingly flustered .

[Fu . …… Kukuku~ …… I, it’s okay, the two don’t understand well]

[[Uniyu?]]

It was my first time seeing Cedric-san so flustered~~~

Allen and Elena looked at Cedric-san and me in turns and tilted their heads in puzzlement .

[Takumi-san, that was cruel…… haa…… excuse me, but Takumi-san . Do you perhaps have a pair of rings as well? They have names on the inside, the larger one says Robert . The smaller one has Liz on it]

Cedric-san took a deep breath and spoke about next repurchase .

Next is a couple’s ring, huh . Umm……

[Ah, there it is . I think this should be it]

[Is that so? About these rings……]

When I retrieve the rings from the《Infinite Storage》and put them on top of the table, Cedric-san looked like he had difficulty speaking .

[Umm?]

[Wait just a moment please]

Cedric-san went to Joshua-san who stood outside and Joshua-san immediately brought a woman inside .

[I’m glad……]

When the woman entered the room and looked at the rings on the table, she took them in her hands and tightly hugged them close .

[…… Err?]

I remember her . She was caught by the bandits, she was one of the victims locked in the prison .

Is that ring a memento by any chance!?

Thinking such, I looked at Cedric-san and he meekly nodded . It looks I was right .

[I can’t pay immediately, but I will definitely pay, so please let me take this]

[No, no, no! I’m fine . I will return it to you]

Impossible! It’s impossible for me to ask for money for articles left by the deceased!

[Eh, umm…… is that really all right with you……]

[It’s something very important to you, isn’t it? I don’t mind, so please take it with you]

[T, thank you very much!]

The woman said many words of thanks and left the room with a silent bow and the rings hugging close to her .

[A moment, Cedric-sa~n . That was a memento wasn’t it?]

[Yes, that’s correct]

[No need to guess, there are more of them, aren’t there? Are there perhaps those who gave up because they don’t have money to repurchase the memento! I will return that to those people as well! Cedric-san, that was cruel . If you knew I would return it to them, you should tell me normally, right!?]

[Even if I knew, I can’t deal with it like that without your permission~]

[Guh]

Cedric-san is certainly acting like the contact person of the repurchase, but it’s not like he can state the conditions on his own……

[Well, I thought Takumi-san would say so and made a list]

As expected! Able Feudal Lord’s work is fast! I apologize for laughing a while ago!

I immediately receive the list from Cedric-san, compare with the items in the《Infinite Storage》, and retrieve various articles .

Maybe because it was before the bandits could sell it off, nearly all items were in my《Infinite Storage》 . Still, I can’t say all of them were .

[Then, I will hand the items to their owners]

[I will leave it to you . So, what is going to happen to those girls from now on?]

[Nearly all of those women and children were traveling so their families that accompanied became victims . The children with no guardians will be transferred to orphanage and the women will be given minimum aid to live in the town]

[Is that so……]

As I thought, their lives will become difficult from now on, won’t they……

[…… Cedric-san, will that painting from a little while ago bring considerable amount?]

[Yeah, the frame itself is considerably good, so I think it should yield quite a lot of money]

[In that case, please invest that money in aid of the victims]

I have decided to let Cedric-san handle the money from the repurchase of the painting and add it to the funds of the aid for the victims . Like this, their livelihood will be much better .

The repurchase money would be just a casual income, so it won’t hurt my pockets even if I contribute all of it .

[Takumi-san is really…… thank you very much . You have my gratitude]




Chapter 76

As we had quite a lot of rest, we arrived at the beach near a certain dungeon, thinking to reopen the capture of the “Dungeon of Ripples” we have encountered on the way .

In spite of being early in the morning, many of adventurers have already gathered at the nearby beach .

These adventurers are interested in the newly discovered dungeon and probably came to capture it .

This dungeon was untouched until now . Because the probability of discovering the treasure chests and hidden rooms in such dungeon is high, it’s target of getting rich quick .

Many people are looking at the entrance and investigating the 50 meters long waterway .

[Excuse me . Could you please let us pass?]

[Oh, sorry--Ah!]

I called out to an adventurer dressed in black garments who was looking at the entrance in order to enter the waterway .

Then, he raised his voice in surprise after turning around while apologizing .

He seems familiar .

[Err, if I’m not mistaken…… Takumi!]

[Yeah, that’s right . It’s been a while . Umm……]

[This reminds me that I haven’t introduced myself . I’m[Black Twin Sword]leader, Gray]

[Hello, I’m Takumi . These children are Allen and Elena]

Right, it was a person from the adventurer party[Black Twin Sword]who went together with us to the Gaya Forest .

By the way, he’s a handsome blonde guy .

He’s currently not wearing much equipment in order to swim in the sea, but if I remember correctly, Gray-san should be using a Japanese-like sword . I wonder if its stored in his magic bag?

Well~ he will be swimming from now on so sword and armor would only hold him back . Because I don’t really have anything attached to me, I didn’t notice that before .

[It’s been a while . Thank you for the help in Shirin]

[Don’t worry about it, are your injuries alright now?]

[I immediately got treated by the Knights Order after returning to the town . It fortunately wasn’t anything serious . I was able to return to my normal life immediately]

They have been assaulted and injured by the Bloody Wolves during the expedition, but it seems they are alright now .

And they apparently quickly recovered and took on an escort request, left Shirin and arrived at Bailey . They arrived at Bailey just a few days ago .

As I thought, it would take at least that long with normal means of transport~

We have left Shirin after them and arrived at Bailey earlier . I can feel Joule’s and Feat’s worth~

[If I remember correctly, you should have five members, right? What happened to the others?]

I can see only two people including Gray-san . If their members didn’t change since the expedition, they are short of three people .

[The three are currently going in]

[Ah, is that so?]

[Since you are here, Takumi is going to the dungeon too?]

[Yeah, that’s right]

[You are babysitting as always, huh~ Well, it’s an Intermediate level dungeon, so it’s safer than Gaya Forest, right~]

Because Gray-san knows of me taking children to the Gaya Forest, he casually accepted that I’m taking the children with me .

[We have returned~…… huh, ehhhh!?]

A brown-haired youth about the same age as me came out from the sea and pointed towards us while shouting .

He’s one of the[Black Twin Sword]members too if I recall correctly .

[Randy, that was rude of you]

[Ah, yes . I’m sorry . But, why are you here!?]

[We are also capturing the dungeon]

[Seriously!? With the children again!?]

Randy-kun…… calling him like that feels more fitting~

Soon after staring at the children, the youth called Randy suddenly extended his hands towards Allen’s and Elena’s heads .

However, the two escaped and hid from Randy’s hands behind me .

[Ah, they ran away!]

[Randy…… what are you doing all of sudden……]

[No, I just unconsciously? Don’t you feel like patting and poking the twins?]

[It’s not like I don’t understand, but…… however, it’s not like children would easily let their guards down before a stranger, right?]

It appears he wanted to pat Allen’s and Elena’s heads . Thus making Allen and Elena run away .

[No, but I’m not a stern-looking man like Bax-san~ so I thought I might be okay~]

Bax-san is one of[Black Twin Swords]members who stayed behind with Gray-san, he has dark brown hair and he looks like a tough man no matter how you look at him . And well…… his face looks a bit aggressive . I don’t know whether he’s taciturn, but he didn’t say a single word until now .

Also…… there should be a man with a large shield if I’m not mistaken .

[…… They will catch stupidity from you, so don’t touch them]

[Bax-san, that was cruel~]

[…… Your fault]

Ah, Bax-san spoke up for the first time .

Hahaha~ This party seems somewhat fun .

[Sorry about that]

[No, no]

Gray-san looked sincerely apologetic .

[We are having a lot of fun, but won’t you go to the dungeon now? The two who went along will be worried if you delay for too long]

It’s not like we can’t catch up later, but have been floating at the sea’s surface forever now .

[O, ou . That’s right]

[Let’S go Bax, Randy . Give me the Mermaid’s Breath]

[Roger]

[Mermaid’s Breath?]

[N? Does Takumi not know about Mermaid’s Breath?]

[Yeah, is it a magic tool?]

[This is it]

Because Randy let me take a look at the magic tool, I immediately used【Appraisal】on it .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Mermaid’s Breath】

A tool with built-in wind magic stone that generates air for a certain period of time .

The length of the usable time depends on the magic stone used .

＝＝＝＝＝

[I don’t know the detailed structure, but it apparently creates air by using a wind magic stone]

Yeah, this is the magic tool Cedric-san was talking about .

This magic tool is apparently used by holding it in the mouth . Is it sort of an oxygen tank?

[The tools with lowest grade wind stones can be used only for several minutes and there’s a problem of durability, but they are relatively easy to get . This is also thanks to the Feudal Lord who prepared it for the mass production immediately after the dungeon was discovered]

Oh! As expected of Cedric-san! Isn’t he doing a good job~

[Although I say that, it’s not like everyone can get their hands on the magic tools, so the people will be divided by this waterway!]

Well, although it’s mass produced, it would cost something since it’s a magic tool .

Gray-san and others probably have only three magic tools . First, three people went ahead, one returned with the magic tools and the members who remained will use them again .

[If you didn’t know about this, how are you intend to go down, Takumi? You naturally know that it’s necessary to go through a long waterway to reach the dungeon, right?]

[Of course . We have a different magic tool]

[No way!! Do you perhaps have Mermaid Bracelets, Takumi?]

[Yeah, well]

Speaking of tools that assists breathing underwater, it’s the Mermaid Bracelet . That’s why Gray-san and others immediately named the magic tools we have .

They would see that we didn’t get wet and the Mermaid Bracelets would get exposed anyhow, so I gave them a positive answer .

There’s a way of hiding magic tools in possession and there are other ways to swim as explained in the guild, but there’s no need to try deceiving them that much .

[That’s amazing . There’s certainly no need for this if you have the mermaid bracelets!]

[That’s right . Then, please go ahead]

[Ou, sorry about that . We will go ahead]

[Yes . --Then, shall we go too?]

[[Un]]

We let Gray-san and others go first, we later follow after them and swam through the waterway .

When we finish swimming through the waterway, I elevate Allen and Elena out of the water first, then I crawl out just like the last time .

[Uo~ incredible~! You are completely dry!]

Randy who arrived earlier said in admiration when we got out of the water . It appears he noticed that we didn’t get wet a single bit .

[Uo~!]

Randy who was soaking wet suddenly started chasing Allen and Elena .

[[Ukya~]]

Allen and Elena raised their voices while escaping from Randy .

Because their tone wasn’t that of being afraid or disliking it, but rather an amused one, I decided to watch over them first .

[Wait, wait--Ouch!]

But, it didn’t continue for long .

[Bax-sa~n, what are you doing~]

[…… Quit it]

When he crossed in front of Bax-san, Bax-san dropped his fist on Randy’s head .

[Welcome back~]

[[I’m back~]]

Allen and Elena used the chance and rushed straight into my embrace .

[Takumi, I’m truly sorry for our idiot!]

Gray-san sincerely apologized for Randy-kun’s actions once again .

Even though you don’t have to mind it that much?

[No, no . They seemed to be having fun, so it’s fine . Right?]

[[Un! It was fun~]]

[As you can see--It’s just……]

[N?]

[It will be serious if you make a mistake, so you have to be careful…… I mean, if you overdo it, you know, they will counterattack……]

If you carry the joke too far, it’s possible that you will end up like the adnveturer who picked up a fight with us in Shirin……

Randy’s face turned ghastly pale at my remark .

[…… They will kick me flying like the Bloody Wolf……?]

[Randy…… aren’t you glad you survived……]

[…… I sure am]

It seems he recalled the time in Gaya Forest when Allen and Elena kicked a Bloody Wolf flying .

No, no, they certainly wouldn’t counterattack with that much power…… probably .

Un, they would surely hold back .

…… Now that I think of it, wasn’t that adventurer who picked a fight with us in Shirin in danger? They would have landed a full power ax kick on his head because I didn’t stop them after all……

No, it’s not like they disliked it this time, so everything was alright, wasn’t it…… probably .




Chapter 77

[Rather than that, wouldn’t it be better to get dry quickly?]

[Y, yeah]

When I said so, Gray-san and others took off their coats and started wringing their wet clothes .

[…… Can’t you dry it with magic?]

It’s possible with the life magic《Dry》 . There should be relatively many people who use life magic, but they aren’t using it .

[We don’t have anyone who can use that kind of magic]

[That’s right, isn’t it~]

I see, they can’t use it . Speaking of drying water, in addition to life magic, wouldn’t fire magic or wind magic be usable too? Not all attributes are available in their party it seems~

I don’t want to pretend not to see, though~

[Stay still please --《Dry》]

[N? -- Oh! Thanks]

[…… I’m thankful]

[Amazing~! It was instant!]

It doesn’t use that much magical power, so I dried Gray-san and the others .

Because I had a feeling that they would take off even their pants and underwear in order to wring the water out…… Allen might be okay, but I wouldn’t want to show that scene to Elena .

[It has been a while . Oh, I’m Aaron . I thought Gray and others were late, it appears they were talking with you . Thanks for the help in the Gaya Forest]

[I’m Virgil! I was sure that Randy did something again]

[Yeah, I thought so too]

[Aaron-san, Virgil-san too, how rude~……]

Then, two men who watched from the side approached us .

They are the members of the[Black Twin Sword]who came to the dungeon’s entrance earlier . The blonde one is Aaron and the black-haired one is Virgil .

[Long time no see . I’m Takumi . Sorry about that, they were late because of me]

[Don’t mind it . They weren’t that late]

Aaron-san and Virgil-san already wiped the water from their equipment, but their hair was still wet, so I used《Dry》on the two as well .

[Oh, thanks]

[That helps . So, it might be boorish asking since you are here, but are you here to capture the dungeon, Takumi? You didn’t come just for the visit, right?]

[Yeah, capturing the dungeon is our objective]

Visit is that thing, right? Where you take a step into the dungeon which will leave a record in your guild card and that’s all you want .

Because the adventurer guild cards also indicate the dungeon records, non-combatants visit various dungeons and enter them without capturing it .

Well, all the people would see is several[Dungeon of “●●” X／● floors]lined up, but some people use it to brag .

There also seem to be requests for “escort to a dungeon” in the Adventurer’s Guild . -

However, entering a dungeon without trying to capture it, I don’t understand that .

[That’s right~ Dungeons are to be captured, right~]

We are adventurers . We have to adventure after all!

[That being the case~ all of us are gathered, shall we go?]

[Let’s go . Takumi, do you guys want to go with us?]

They wanted to embark on the dungeon capture at once, but Aaron-san invited us to go together . The other members are also nodding in agreement, but--

[Erm…… I’m sorry, but we go that way]

I said so while pointing at the transfer device .

Although capturing the dungeon together would be fun, we are unfortunately starting at the eleventh floor .

[[[[[Eh!?]]]]]

Gray-san and others raised their voices in surprise .

Far from that, the other adventurers at the hall raised their voices too .

Is it just a little bit over one week since reporting the discovery of a new dungeon to the Adventurer’s Guild?

I don’t know how long it is since the official announcement, but it has been about three days since the official investigation?

Because they are surprised by the use of transfer device this much, it probably means that there hasn’t been anyone who finished capturing the first ten floors yet . But, it’s just a matter of time and there will surely appear those who will capture the tenth floor in a few days .

[Ah! I heard that the discoverer of the dungeon was taking care of children]

[Now that you mention it!]

[Then, he’s that guy!]

[Since he’s using transfer device, it means that he reached at least the tenth floor, right?]

[Far from being solo, are you saying he reached the tenth floor while accompanied by a hindrance? This isn’t a low-grade, but intermediate dungeon, you know? That’s impossible]

I hear various things from the surroundings .

As I thought, rumors spread that we are the discoverers . There was such ruckus about it that time, so it can’t really be helped~

[Eh!? Takumi discovered the dungeon!?]

[Seriously!?]

[Are you serious!]

[…… Yeah, well]

It appears that Gray-san and others didn’t know . However--

[I’m surprised, but it’s a believable story since it concerns Takumi]

[[[I hear that]]]

[Right]

They were in agreement for some reason .

Being considerate, Gray-san and others took their leave without asking further questions .

We made a promise to have a meal together if we meet in town next time . We went to the transfer device .

[Then, Allen, Elena . Touch the crystal]

[[Ye~s]]

◇ ◇ ◇

We, who transferred straight to the tenth floor descended on the eleventh floor .

The eleventh floor was the same as the first ten floors, but the waterway in the center disappeared and the entire floor was submerged instead .

The volume of water isn’t that much as the water reaches only up to my ankles, but it appears that we will have to walk through water all the way .

[Allen, Elena, are you alright?]

[[Is fine~]]

The two were stepping on and splashing the water .

This depth is not a problem even for the height of the children, but I have to think some countermeasures in case the water gets even deeper .

[Tell me immediately if you get tired, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

I thought that moving through the water would have a far bigger burden on them than on a normal surface, so after firmly instructing the two, I decided to continue advancing .

[[Not coming, huh~]]

[Really……]

While walking in high spirits, we haven’t encountered a single monster . Just some traps would get occasionaly set off .

Advancing while avoiding the traps further--

[[Ah]]

Allen and Elena suddenly raised their voices and begun running accompanied by the sounds of splashing water .

When I chased after them in a hurry, there were about five Water Lizards in their destination .

[[Tooh~!]]

[[Shaーーー]]

Allen and Elena who vigorously ran jumped up with the momentum and landed at the two Water Lizards who were crawling on the floor .

[[《Water Needle》]]

Following that, they formed needles from the water spreading on the ground and brought down the remaining Water Lizards .

The dropped items of the skin and tusks were floating in the water .

[[Defeated~!]]

Allen and Elena picked up the dropped items and cheerfully ran up to me .

[Thank you for your hard work~ But, is this the path you wanted to go on?]

[[Uniyu?]]

[You turned left on the way, remember?]

The two started running immediately after noticing the Water Lizards and took a left on a crossroad . They may not have gone the way they wanted to and just chased after the monster presence .

When I check with the two while patting their heads--

[[Ehehe~]]

Allen and Elena tried to dodge the question by tilting their heads and laughing . How cute you are, oy .

Because there weren’t any monsters, they chased after the first signs without noticing…… that’s probably how it went .

[Then, what do you want to do? Take a look and go this way? Or do you want to return?]

[[U~n]]

We aren’t really going for the shortest route, so I don’t mind dropping on the way, we can decide after returning too .

[This way~]

[Let’s go~]

[Alright! Let’s advance this way then]

[[Un!]]

As a result, the two chose to continue going this way, so I decided to continue advancing .

Well, we immediately found the stairs down and quickly found the stairs on the twelfth floor as well .

We found a place which wasn’t flooded on the thirteenth floor, so the capturing was suspended for a while .

It’s still early to sleep, but because the floor is immersed in water, it would be better to rest if you can regardless of time .

Although we won’t get wet thanks to the Mermaid Bracelet, sleeping with part of your body soaking in the water is a bit……

That being the case, we decided to finish a meal and go to sleep early .




Chapter 78

[Morning]

[[Morning~]]

We have plenty of sleep, so we will start with the capture of the thirteenth floor but…… breakfast before that .

[Allen, Elena . What would you like to eat for breakfast?]

[[Ntone~ Kurry~]]

[…… Curry?]

[[Un, kurry~]]

I see, curry huh…… a heavy request right after getting up came~

[[No good~?]]

[It’s not that but…… well, it’s not that suitable for breakfast you see~]

I have also eaten curry for breakfast before, but I’m of the opinion that curry is better for either lunch or dinner~

[[Then~ crab~]]

Crab…… hot pot!? The only crab dish I fed to the two is the crab hot pot, isn’t it!? Ah, didn’t I make a soup too? The scope is different although similar . Well, I have the soup but you know~

[…… Erm, would a different way of eating be alright instead of a hot pot or a soup?]

[[Un!]]

I see~ Should I boil the crab and make kanitama1 or something?

Alright, let’s do it!

The kanitama was delicious and we resumed the capture after a short rest .

[[Yaa!]]

[[Kishaーーー]]

Allen and Elena jumped forward and unleashed a strong kick .

Right now, the two are defeated Armi Crabs one after another .

Armi Crabs are somewhat larger compared to Sand Crabs, they are monsters with hard shells and large claws . Although I said hard shells, I judged it not to be a problem and didn’t stop Allen and Elena when they plunged at them, but…… to encounter crab monsters right after eating crabs……

[[Haa!]]

[[Kishaーーー]]

The Armi Crabs turn into drop items of shells and claws one by one .

The tough shells of Armi Crabs are used as materials for armor, but…… it doesn’t look like it at all after seeing the two .

[[Finished~]]

[Thank you for your hard work~ You are not injured, are you?]

[[Un!]]

After finishing all Armi Crabs, Allen and Elena returned after picking up the dropped items .

[[So many crabs~! Delish~?]]

[Ah~ This crab can’t be eaten]

It’s not like Armi Crab isn’t edible, but there aren’t many parts which can be eaten .

[[I see~]]

They seemed a bit disappointed, but they understood that it can’t be helped and started picking up the remaining drop items .

[[Next is~ That way~]]

After picking up all the drop items and advancing for a little, Allen and Elena pointed to the right on a crossroads .

[[Onii~ chan, here~]]

[N? Oh, there’s a hidden room]

After walking for a while uneventfully, Allen and Elena pointed at a wall . It appears they found a hidden room .

However, when I tried touching the wall to access the room, that wall didn’t move . Until now, the wall would open with a slide when pushed .

[It won’t open, huh……]

[[Huh~?]]

I touched the wall all over, but it was simply a wall in the end .

[N~? But it seems that there certainly is a hidden room……]

Somehow, I think that there’s a hidden room without a doubt .

Is the entrance to the room on the passage on the other side? No, we wouldn’t notice the room’s existence if that were true .

[…… Break in?]

It looks like a normal stone wall, so it should break if hit with one or two magic attacks, right?

The dungeon won’t collapse if one of the walls break . Rather, because it’s a mysterious existence, I think the wall would restore after a while .

[Allen, Elena~ Step back a little]

[[Un!]]

Because Allen and Elena stood back, I threw magic at the wall .

[《Air Shot》]

The wall the air bullet crashed into--garagara, collapsed . The wall was unexpectedly fragile .

There was a room behind the wall as we thought with a treasure chest inside .

[[Treasure~! Can we open~?]]

[Go ahead~]

Allen and Elena rush to towards the treasure chest after entering the hidden room and fumble around the chest .

I let the two open it since there were no traps . Inside the chest, there was a single medicine bottle . When I used【Appraisal】on it, I understood that it’s a lower-grade healing potion . As I have recovery magic, it’s one of the medicines which I don’t need .

[[Medicine~?]]

[That’s right . It’s a medicine that heals injuries]

[[Hmm, amazing~?]]

Allen and Elena looked at me with eyes full of some kind of expectations .

[It’s one of the medicines I don’t have yet . Thank you, Allen, Elena~]

[[Ehehe~]]

When I said such while patting their heads, the two bashfully smiled .

Kuku . Looks like I was right . The eyes of the two were saying “praise me, praise me” as I thought~

[Then, shall we go?]

[[Un!]]

When we leave the hidden room and advance forward--

[[There~]]

[Oh, as expected! Then, shall we go down?]

[[Un!]]

We found a staircase leading down without taking much time .

◇ ◇ ◇

[Huh?]

When we descended to the fourteenth floor, an unpleasant cold suddenly assaulted my skin .

A dreadful atmosphere floats around .

Unlike me who’s wearing a coat, Allen and Elena who are wearing short-sleeved clothes must be cold .

[Allen, Elena . You must be cold, right? Let’s wear coats]

[[Is fine~?]]

Allen and Elena said while tilting their heads in puzzlement .

[Un, let’s put them on]

I immediately took out the kemonomimi-hooded capes I got in Shirin and let the two wear them .

I thought these capes would not work until it cools down, but their turn came unexpectedly early .

[Is it not difficult to move in?]

[[Is fine~]]

Ah, un . This time is fine is a proper is fine .

Allen and Elena’s range of[Fine]is staggeringly wide . I think that this time it wasn’t “It’s not cold” but close to “Can endure” instead .

There are also times when it’s easy to understand, but there are also times when I don’t notice, so I have to carefully watch the two’s expressions, so I don’t overlook anything~

When we begin the capture of the fourteenth floor2--

[Shaaaaー]

A Sea Snake appeared .

[Allen, Elena . Sea Snakes have venom, so you must not approach them, okay?]

[[Ye~s]]

Sea Snake is a snake of about 30cm in length with a considerably high fatality rate as it possesses a strong neurotoxin .

That very thing is smoothly swimming towards us .

[[《Water Needle~》--…… Uniyu~]]

Allen and Elena immediately switched to magic when I told them about the venom, but it appears that the smoothly swimming Sea Snake is difficult to hit with a《Water Needle》 .

They are a bit daunted since the magic didn’t hit .

[It’s fine, properly watch its movements . You will hit it next time]

[Un . --《Water Needle~》]

[Shaaaaー]

The magic hit this time and the Sea Snake was defeated .

[[Yay~]]

[Well done~]

[[Ehehe~]]

Getting the point, they would immediately defeat the Sea Snakes we encountered after that, and so we advanced while obtaining large quantities of drop items such as Sea Snake’s skin, fangs, and neurotoxin .



Chapter 79

After resting between the sixteenth and seventeenth floor, we are currently advancing through the seventeenth floor.

[Guaaaaー!!]

I can see a bear with a deep blue colored fur--Water Bear running towards us while splashing water in the distance.

Is it among the largest variety of monsters we have seen in this dungeon until now?

The moment the Water Bear appeared, Allen and Elena began running towards ut.

[Guaaa!]

The Water Bear who noticed the two rushing towards it fired several《Water Ball》while running.

[《Water Ball》]

Supporting the children from behind, I countered each an every《Water Ball》.

As if understanding it, Allen and Elena closed the distance between the Water Bear in one go.

[[Yaa!]]

[Guaaaaaー!]

Allen and Elena were running towards the front of the Water Bear, but they parted left and right before making a direct contact, and drove an explosive kick to its both sides.

It would be difficult to defeat Water Bear who is water and cold resistant with magic. However, that has nothing to do with Allen’s and Elena’s kicking. It’s not magic but a blow……

[[Yaa!]]

[Guaaaaaー!]

The Water Bear whose movements stopped after one blow got ax-kicked this time. It’s not given any time to counterattack. The Water Bear who ate the two’s full power ax kicks collapsed to the ground.

[[Haa~!]]

[Guaaa……]

Delivering a finishing blow, Allen and Elena kicked the Water Bear’s body flying.

The Water Bear’s movements completely stopped and it turned into a drop item.

[[Defeated~]]

Allen and Elena picked up the dropped fur and brought it to me. It seems we obtained quite the large fur.

When I received it from the two and touched it, it felt quite pleasant to the touch. This looks good for making Allen’s and Elena’s cold weather clothes.

[Shall we make Allen’s and Elena’s coat out of this?]

[[Coat?]]

[Right. It’s clothes to wear when it’s cold]

[[This is~?]]

When I spoke about making coats from the Water Bear’s fur, Allen and Elena asked while pulling on the hem of their capes they were currently wearing.

[Well, this will also make you a bit cold during the cold season, so let’s make something warmer]

[[Got it~]]

The fabric of the capes the two are wearing at the moment is thick, but I’m bit uneasy about them wearing it in midwinter. Therefore, when I explained such, the two nodded in understanding.

[Allen, like Joule!]

[Elena, like Feat!]

[Nn?]

But, what continued after that was Allen and Elena saying the names of the contracted beasts.

Joule and Feat? …… In what meaning?

[[This~]]

I tilted my head in puzzlement without understanding what Allen and Elena meant. Then, the two put on the hoods of the capes and pulled on the kemonomimi on top. So they mean--

[Ah! You want to look like Joule and Feat!]

[[Un!]]

[Roger. Let’s look for a store that will make it for us then]

[[Yay~]]

It appears that the two are pleased by the kemonomimi hoods. If that’s the case, let’s make them eared coats just as they wish. It’s cute after all!

Wanting a bit more of the Water Bear fur and walking around with[Will a Bear appear soon I wonder~?]thoughts, we encountered approximately three meters large turtle--Bubble Archelon.

After half of the dungeon--from the fifteenth floor, the monsters that appear are large. The Water Bear from a little while ago was also quite big.

[[What’s that~?]]

[N? That is a turtle]

[[Turtle~!]]

[Shaーーーー]

[Oh?]

[[Uniyu?]]

The Bubble Archelon noticed us and spat out soccerball-sized bubbles towards us.

Our field of vision was covered with bubbles in the blink of an eye.

[Allen, Elena. You mustn’t touch that, okay?]

[[Yesss]]

The buoyantly floating bubbles seem just like ordinary soap bubbles, but they are not ordinary by any means.

A considerable explosion will occur the moment they are touched and broken.

Bubble Archelon is a monster that disturbs the movements of the hostile opponents and escapes in the meanwhile.

[Ah, that’s right]

I stored all of those soapy bubbles into the《Infinite Storage》.

Even if it looks like making contact with the bubbles while storing them in the《Infinite Storage》, there’s actually no contact, so it’s possible to store them without breaking them.

Un, the field of vision is restored with this! After I finished removing the bubbles, I could see the Bubble Archleon escaping in the distance.

Its movements are so swift for a turtle monster! That didn’t happen, so there’s a plenty of distance to attack.

[《Wind Cutter》]

I fired a blade of wind towards the turtle who was escaping without paying any attention to us, but it seems it didn’t have any effect against the turtle’s hard shell.

[Shaーーーー]

The Bubble Archelon noticed that all of the discharged bubbles disappeared, so it spat out bubbles again, but I immediately tidied up the bubbles into my《Infinite Storage》.

[U~n, let’s see. --《Water Pillar》]

[Gyaaーーーーー]

When I spring forth a pillar of water under the turtle and onto its belly which seemed like a weak spot, the Bubble Archelon splendidly overturned.

[[Yaa!]]

Allen and Elena started vigorously running towards the Bubble Archelon and drove a full power drop kick? …… No, is that closer to a landing rather than a kick? Towards its defenseless belly.

[Gyashaーーーーー]

Well, whether it was a kick or a landing, its effect was excellent as the Bubble Archelon ceased to breathe and turned into drop item.

[[Defeated~]]

Allen and Elena picked up the drop item and returned to me.

[[Here!]]

[Thank you]

It appears there were several drop items.

This is a shell. And this is a turtle meat. Moreover, it’s edible. How do you prepare turtle meat? Like a suppon1? I can think only of a hot-pot when it comes to suppon.

[Beeear, beeear]

[Tuuurtle, tuuurtle]

After that, we encountered several Water Bears and Bubble Archelons, we defeated them in the same way each time and acquired a lot of drop items.

◇ ◇ ◇

[[This is~?]]

[This design is the same as the trap from before, isn’t it? It’s that one that drops rocks from above when stepped on]

[[That one is~?]]

[That one is a dummy. You mustn’t touch the area protruding around it, okay~]

[[Yes~]]

The eighteenth floor is a trap covered in many traps with many passages.

[Oopsy!]

[[A trap~?]]

[Un, this is one too. Be careful not to step on it, okay~]

[[Yesss]]

Traps are loaded with magical power, so I can generally tell them apart with【Detection】. That’s why we are able to avoid them before getting caught in them.

[[This too~?]]

[Un, looks like it]

Allen and Elena discover one trap after another too, but--

[[Ah]]

[Eh? -- Oops!]

They occasionally carelessly step on the traps.

The moment they stepped on the trap this time, an arrow flew out of a hole in the wall. The arrow is fired in the height of an adult’s head, so it’s not dangerous for the two though.

Traps, unlike monsters, are inorganic things, so it might be difficult for Allen’s and Elena’s【Presence Detection】skill to detect them. Well, even if the skill doesn’t react, they are able to notice most of the traps with pure intuition.

[[Stepped on it~ Ehehe~]]

Trying to gloss over it by laughing is adorable, so I will forgive them!

Too easy? It’s not like I got hurt or anything so it’s fine!

[Be careful you two~]

[[Okay~]]



Chapter 80


We cautiously slipped through the trap covered the eighteenth floor and safely arrived at the nineteenth floor, but the nineteenth floor was full of traps as well .

There is no doubt that it would be a seriously tricky floor for parties with no trap avoidance personnel .

But, because it was a floor where nearly no monsters appear, I was glad that we have to be careful just about the traps, but…… Allen and Elena seemed to be a bit dissatisfied .

[[Yaa!]]

[[[Kyashaーーー!]]]

They trampled a large group of Armi Crabs,

[[Haaー!]]

[[[Guaaaaー!]]]

They kicked a group of Water Bears flying,

[[Toryaー!]]

[Gishaーーーー!]

They destroyed a shell of a Bubble Archelon .

Whether this is a recoil from not being able to fight on the nineteenth floor, the two exterminated monsters we encountered on the twentieth floor with a great vigor .

As expected, I was in a panic when they destroyed the Bubble Archelon’s shell . I immediately checked whether Allen’s and Elena’s legs are alright, but there wasn’t a problem at all .

And so, we progressed with the capture in such way and we have currently arrived in front of the twentieth floor’s boss room .

[[Can touch~?]]

[Ah, un . Go ahead~]

[[Un!]]

This is the third door to the boss room we have encountered . Allen and Elena already understand the door’s structure and asked whether they can touch it in order to enter inside .

When I permitted them, they touched the door at once . Then, as we thought, the door slowly automatically opened .

[[Going in~!]]

[Hey there, hey there, don’t rush~]

The door got completely opened and I was astonished as I entered inside while holding Allen’s and Elena’s hands so they wouldn’t rush in .

[This is something……]

[[Ohh~]]

I could hear the voices of astonishment from Allen and Elena as well .

I was certain that it would be an empty spacious room, but it was a waterfall lake surrounded by nature .

Moreover, there was a spring of considerable size spreading below .

--Bashaーn!

At that moment, accompanied by a loud noise, a large red object lept out of the lake and sank in the lake with a splash once again .

That was…… a goldfish, wasn’t it~? Is that this room’s boss?

[[Fish~?]]

[Looks like a fish friend . I wonder if that is the master here?]

A gigantic goldfish is err…… it should be called Murderfish . A dangerous-sounding name for a goldfish .

[[Ah]]

When the Murderfish sticks out its face out of the water, it released a jet of water while aiming at us .

[Oopsy]

[[Wawa]]

We evade the jet which made a hearty sound upon impact . The ground where we were standing just a second ago is gouged out .

[Uwa~……]

[[Ohh~]]

It was an attack of considerable power .

When I look at the lake, the Murderfish submerged again and disappeared .

[Allen, wants to do that~!]

[Elena wants to do that too~!]

It appears that Allen and Elena took a liking to the magic the Murderfish used . The eyes of the two are dazzlingly sparkling .

That kind of magic, huh…… well, I think it would be good for the two to increase the variety of magic they use, why not teach them new magic?

[Let’s see……--《Water Jet》]

[Shaaaaー]

I tried shooting similar magic towards the Murderfish who showed its face from the water again .

《Water Jet》is an attack with a feeling of vigorously discharging compressed water .

Not expecting my attack, the Murderfish received my attack upfront and escaped back into the water .

[You can use it with this magic?]

[[Yay~!]]

There was a bit of recoil when releasing the water, but it will be safe for the two to use as well .

Allen and Elena were pleased with the new magic and raised their hands into the air .

[Then, how about taking an aim and trying it?]

[[Un! --《Water Jet》]]

Taking aim at the Murderfish when it appears, Allen and Elena shoot the《Water Jet》, but this time, the Murderfish spewed out water and opposed the two’s magic .

[Uh-oh]

Allen’s and Elena’s first time fired magic was being overwhelmed and the Murderfish’s jet of water was coming our way, so I took the two under my arms and jumped .

[[Au~]]

[Because you simply lost in power, try increasing the magical power a little bit next time]

[[Un! --《Water Jet》]]

Increasing the quantity of magical power, Allen and Elena released their magic towards the Murderfish once again .

The Murderfish undauntedly spewed out water .

The two’s magic collided with the Murderfish’s and scattered in the air . It seems they have offset each other .

[Doing good! Can you do it again with a little bit more magical power?]

[[Can do~!]]

We would have to find a different way to fight if the Murderfish stayed under the water, but it’s far easier because the Murderfish has to stick out its face out of the water’s surface to counterattack .

In addition, its attack pattern is predictable and it’s not getting out of on the ground to attack us, so Allen and Elena were absorbed in practicing .

Well, it’s easy for us to fight the Murderfish because it won’t fight close quarters . People with poor magic firepower would probably suffer hardships .

[[《Water Jet》]]

[Shaaaaー]

This time, the two overcame the Murderfish’s attack and their water jet reached the Murderfish .

The effect of water attacks against a water attributed monsters are partially reduced, but it seems it properly received damage .

[Un, that was good . Then, shall all three of us do it will all of our strength next?]

[[Un!]]

[Here I go . --《Water Jet》]

[[《Water Jet》]]

I participate this time as well and the three of us fire the magic simultaneously .

[Shaaaaa……]

The united power of us three directly hit the Murderfish, sending its large body into the air . It crashed into the cliff where the waterfall was flowing, it then bounced off of it and sunk into the lake with a flashy splash .

After a short while, the sunk Murderfish floated up and changed into drop items .

The dropped items were reddish things and a relatively large water magic stone . This seems to be the Murderfish’s fin . Also, the Murderfish’s scales and meat .

I collected everything just in case, but…… goldfish meat, huh…… this would require courage to eat…… I will definitely hoard it in the《Infinite Storage》 .

While thinking about how to deal with the Murderfish meat, I saw something shiny behind the waterfall .

Looking around the room and not finding the door, it appears that the entrance to the next floor is behind the waterfall . Well, a cave behind the waterfalls is the staple .

[[Shiny~]]

[Yeah . It appears the exit is behind the waterfall]

Passing under the waterfall, there really was a cave as I thought . And the transfer device was there as well .

I don’t touch the transfer device this time as I don’t intend to go to the lower floors, but we will take a break in this place .

[Allen, Elena~ Let’s have a meal . What would you like?]

[[Ntone~ fish~]]

[Fish, is it? Will you guys help me prepare it?]

[[Will do~!]]

They have requested fish for the meal, but as I have no spirit to cook the goldfish meat, I made a meal out of a normal fish I bought at the market .




Chapter 81

[Good morning]

[[Morning~]]

[Now then, what would you like for breakfast?]

[[Furench Toast~]]

[Allen and Elena love the French toast, don’t you~]

[[Un! It’s deーlish~]]

We who have rested at the twentieth floor’s transfer device had a breakfast, made preparations and descended on the twenty-first floor .

The water depth on the twenty-first floor increased more than before . The water reaches up to my knees .

Since that’s the case, it reaches up to Allen’s and Elena’s waists and advancing like this would be impossible .

[Kyan]

Therefore, I summoned Joule .

As he would get wet if I called him normally, I summoned him in a small form so I could hold him, gave him the Mermaid bracelet we found in the treasure chest on the tenth floor1 and made him transform into his large form .

Because the mermaid bracelet has automatic size adjustment effect, there weren’t any problems even after Joule transformed .

《Allen, Elena, come up~》

[[Joule]]

Thus, I had Allen and Elena ride on Joule who became big .

Rather, Joule who became able to use telepathy called the two himself . Allen and Elena playfully clung onto Joule’s back .

I’m sorry to the other contracted beasts, but I’m summoning only Joule this time .

I have only one spare mermaid bracelet in the first place, so I can’t call them .

Well, Bolt who is a bird wouldn’t be able to exhibit his full power in this restricted space of dungeon and using lightning in the place full of water would be dangerous . As for Vector, I haven’t confirmed the power of his fire magic yet on top of not knowing what he would do, so I judged summoning him as dangerous .

I thought there was no problem in summoning Feat at first as well, but it isn’t certain whether one would still get wet from moving around even while having the【Flight】skill . It would be a bit strange if just Feat was soaked wet……

As I thought, I would like more mermaid bracelets . I wonder if Miko Himesama would lend me some mermaid bracelets if I put up a request with her? They don’t appear on the markets on the surface that much, but mermaids can apparently easily make them……

Let’s ask when we go there to play next time .

[Alright! Then, shall we go?]

[[Un!]]

《Let’s go, let’s go!》

When I advance on the twenty-first floor accompanied by Joule with Allen and Elena on his back, a smallish dark crocodilian--a Black Alligator has appeared . It’s entirely pitch black, so it doesn’t stand out too much, but a dark jewel is embedded on its forehead .

Also, although I said small, it’s only slightly smaller than me, so it has quite the size . Because there are crocodilians the size of being able to swallow people, I said smallish in comparison to them .

《A prey has appearedー!》

When Joule who discovered the Black Alligator shouted such, he began running still with Allen and Elena on his back .

《Thereー!》

[Gyaahーーー!]

Joule approached the Black Alligator and jumped up, squashing it and sinking it under water .

[[Hiyaー]]

Allen and Elena who were on Joule’s back while he sprinted and jumped up raised their voices cheerfully .

It appears they are having fun .

《Oniichan, I defeated itー》

[Thanks, Joule . Good work]

Joule brought the dropped items of alligator meat and skin to me .

Alligator meat, huh…… it seems it can be normally eaten .

Alligator skin is an attractive material for a wallet, but wallets are not used on Aetheredia that much, so there’s no meaning in making them .

Because there is no paper money and only coins, a drawstring handbags-like pouches are the most popular . The Adventurer’s Guild’s rewards are handed over in pouches as the amounts are large .

《Oniichan, Oniichan! I want to eat this meat~!》

[N? Ah, this meat? Because Joule has defeated it, of course, you can eat it]

《I didn’t mean it like thatー》

Huh? Didn’t he say that he wants to eat the Black Alligator meat which just dropped?

《I’m talking about Oniichan’s dish~ Next time you cook, I would like to eat a dish made from that meatー》

[Allen tooー]

[Elena as wellー]

I thought Joule wants to eat raw meat once in a while because he’s a carnivorous animal, but it appears he wanted to make a request for a meal . Allen and Elena took the opportunity to raise their hands and appeal as well .

[Ah, you meant it like that . Let’s see, I want to do something simple for the lunch, do you mind having it for the dinner? Allen and Elena too, are you fine with that?]

《Alrightー I’m looking forward to it~♪》

[[Un!]]

That being the case, alligator meat was decided for the dinner .

Rather, I have so easily agreed, but how do you prepare alligator meat? Was alligator meat a meat with a plain taste? I feel like I’ve heard that in the Amazon special edition program……

Alright, let’s cook it thinking that it’s chicken meat!

《Then, since that’s decided, we have to get more meat! Allen, Elena, let’s keep goingー!》

[[Meatー!]]

It seems that the hunting soul has been ignited within the children for some reason .

The block of meat we have obtained just now is enough for today’s dinner though~

[…… Ooy . Capturing the dungeon is our main objective, so be moderate with the hunting, okayー]

《Yes~》

[[Yesss]]

《Sniif, sniff . That way? Allen, Elena, let’s goー》

[[Ohh~!]]

[……]

I have cautioned them just in case, but they are completely focused on finding prey .

I feel like they will be able to obtain a tremendous amount of alligator meat with Joule’s sense of smell and Allen’s and Elena’s presence detection…… I walked behind the two children and one animal while worrying about the amount of meat they will obtain .

[[Thereー]]

Allen and Elena immediately discovered the prey .

《Really . It’s red, but it has the same shape so it should be fine . Allen, Elena, let’s go~》

[[Un!]]

It’s different in color from the Black Alligator, a red crocodilian--Red Alligator .

[[《Water Ball》]]

《《Water Ball》》

The next moment, Allen, Elena, and Joule fired magic simultaneously .

It appears that Joule’s signal wasn’t to break into a run, but a signal to fire magic . They haven’t made any preparations before though~ They are perfectly in sync .

[Gyaahーーー!]

The Red Alligator fell prey to the magic and ceased to breathe .

Even though this is the second half of an intermediate level dungeon, the children defeat the monsters they encounter too quickly .

《It isn’t meat~》

[[Muu~]]

This time’s drops seem to be a red skin and fangs . Allen, Elena, and Joule were disheartened because there was no meat .

《It can’t be helpedー Umm, next is……》

[[Joule, that wayー]]

《Got itー》

But, they have begun looking for the next prey immediately .

[Nnaa~?]

I became slightly lonely from watching the two children and animal getting along, so I decided to summon Feat . Of course, in the small form .

[I can’t let you fight because you would get wet, but will you accompany me, Feat?]

[Nnaa!]

Patting Feat who snuggled up to me, I chase after Allen, Elena, and Joule who went ahead .

[[Thereー]]

《There it is! Allen, Elena, hang on tightly》

[[Un]]

《Then, here I goー》

Joule instructed Allen and Elena to hold on him properly and began to run .

《Thereー!》

[Gyaahーーー!]

Then, he trampled the Black Alligator while vigorously running .

Looking at it like that, Joule’s and the children’s way of fighting is very similar, isn’t it?

《Yayー We got the meatー》

[[Onii~ chan, sparklyー]]

[N? Ah, it is]

The dropped item seems to be a thumbnail-sized Black Onyx . That’s the thing on the Black Alligator’s forehead .

I think it’s a rare drop item with a considerably low rate of obtaining, but…… well, it’s Allen and Elena . It wouldn’t be strange for them to get their hands on rare drop items .

《Alright! Let’s keep goingー》

[[Ohhー]]

Because the hunt kept going on, we were hunting all day long in the end .

In addition to the black and red alligator monsters, there were also blue and brown ones, we obtained a large amount of skin and fangs of each color . We also got a considerable amount of jewels . I wonder where the low drop rate went .

Of course, we have obtained large quantities of meat, but even though their colors were different, the meat itself is the same . It seems there’s no need to eat and compare .

[Look, it’s doneー]

[[Yay~]]

《Looks deliciousー》

[Nnaa~]

We found a place with no water and I made an alligator meat dish as promised . I made sukiyaki stock2 and tried making it on the sukiyaki 3 style .

[[Delishー]]

《Deliciousー》

《Nnaaー》

It was well-received .

…… It’s unexpected without a stench and very easy to eat~ It looks that I will be able to use it in various dishes .




Chapter 82

Because the alligator meat from yesterday was far easier to eat and more delicious than I thought, both I and the children liked it, so they decided to get even more alligator meat today .

I stopped them in panic . We already have plenty of alligator meat, I somehow persuaded them .

That being the case, we have promptly descended the staircase we have found today and started the capture of the twenty-second floor .

《Let’s get in high spirits and go~!》

[[Ohh~]]

[Nnaa~]

Because the twenty-second floor’s passage also had a knee-height water level, I put Allen and Elena on Joule, held the small Feat in my hands and we departed .

《Ah, alligator discovered~!》

[[Yay~ Joule, do your best~]]

《Here I go~!》

Just as we set out, a White Alligator has appeared and Joule who discovered it vigorously broke into a run .

《Tooh~!》

[Gyaahーーー!]

Joule easily trampled the White Alligator .

《Meat get~》

[[Get~]]

The dropped items are alligator meat and…… this is a topaz!

A rare drop jewel right from the start…… seriously, where did the low drop chance go to? Aren’t they dropping too much?

《Ah, another one discovered~!》

[[Meat~]]

Allen and Elena love sparkly things, but they were happier about the meat this time . Do they like the alligator meat that much?

[Next, Allen!]

[Elena too~]

《Sure~ Can you go from here? Shall I approach a little bit more?》

[[Is fine~ --《Water Jet》]]

《Yay~ It’s meat again~》

[[Yay~]]

Before I come to myself, the children defeated an alligator and obtained meat again .

The meat won’t rot because it’s stored in the《Infinite Storage》, but we got enough meat to eat it regularly for a few years . But, while that may be true, the children would get angry at me if I sold it, right? No, they won’t get angry…… I feel like they would be sulking .

I would be troubled if they sulked, so as I thought, I can’t sell the alligator meat~

Ah, I could gift it to Cedric-san and others! The children wouldn’t tell me not to then .

But, I should confirm with them first .

[Oy~ Even if you get so much alligator meat, I won’t be able to use it all~ What do you say about gifting Cedric-san and others some?]

[[Un, gift~]]

《Okay~》

[Naa~]

I heard the words of approval from everyone . With this, the stock of the alligator meat will decrease .

Then, while thinking such--

《Then, we have to defeat more alligators!》

[[Ohh~]]

[………… Excuse me?]

It appears they intend to get even more alligator meat .

No, wait a moment! Even though we already have plenty of alligator meat, why are you set on obtaining even more!?

[[That way~]]

《Alright, here I go~》

Without being able to stop them, Allen, Elena, and Joule ran off to get more alligator meat .

Huh…… I feel like it would be useless even if I stopped them? Ah~……

[Naa~]

While dejected over the different plan, Feat snuggled up to close in order to comfort me .

While being healed, I hastily followed after the children .

After that, we were alligator hunting all day long . Though I wanted to stop them…… I couldn’t .

Understandably, we obtained a massive quantity of alligator meat . Alligator meat of such quantity…… seriously, what to do……

◇ ◇ ◇

The next day after the second consecutive day of alligator hunting, we stepped on the twenty-third floor .

There, the knee-deep water level returned to the ankle depth .

It’s not necessary to let Allen and Elena ride Joule, but they said that they want Joule and Feat to go with us, so I decided to take them along .

Ah, Feat is being carried by me as usual though .

The journey was smooth and we favorably progressed . The reason being the children instantly killing all the monsters that appeared . My turn has quite not come yet, but I’m enduring, the children are enjoying themselves and I can’t barge in uninvited, after all~

While thinking such, we have discovered a treasure chest hidden along the path .

We haven’t found one that wasn’t in a hidden room, but it was magnificently placed in the middle of the path .

[[Treasure~…… huuh~?]]

Allen and Elena rushed up to the treasure chest, but they stopped in the middle for some reason .

[What’s wrong?]

《What, what?》

[Nnaa?]

[[Somewhat weird~?]]

[N?]

Allen and Elena pointed at the treasure chest and proclaimed it weird .

I immediately used【Appraisal】on the treasure chest . Doing that, I found that it’s a mimic--a monster that camouflaged itself as a treasure chest .

[That is a mimic . A monster]

[[Mimic~?]]

《A fake~?》

[Nnaa~?]

Even though it looks like a treasure chest until the moment you open it, the two noticed it well . As expected of them .

[Right . It’s a fake treasure chest . It pretends to be a treasure chest and assaults those who approach it]

[Naa~]

[N? Ah, Feat wants to defeat it? It would work with magic . Sure, go ahead Feat]

[Nnaa!]

When I give permission to Feat who wanted to defeat it, Feat immediately fired《Wind Cutter》and attacked the mimic . Then, with a bang, a white smoke escaped from the mimic and the pattern on the treasure chest changed .

It appears that this is a genuine treasure chest .

[Allen, Elena, want to open it?]

[[Un, will open~]]

Since it seemed that there are no more gimmicks, the two opened the chest and when I looked inside, there was a Transfer Magic Tool (simple) inside .

[[What is it~?]]

[A transfer magic tool]

Speaking simply, it’s that . That thing which the guild uses to send letters .

It’s a convenient thing, but it’s useless without the recognition code of the recipient .

However, should I sell it or hold onto it? It might eventually become needed . Besides, if I got another magic tool of the same kind, I would be able to exchange with whomever I liked .

[[Transfer~?]]

[Right . Remember how we instantly moved from the hall to the tenth floor?]

[[Un!]]

[This can do the same thing . This fellow can only send letters or small things to a person with the same thing though]

[[《Ohh~》]]

[Nnaa~]

The children raised their voices of admiration .

Do Allen and Elena properly understand? But, I feel like Joule and Feat didn’t understand at all, but somehow raised their voices in consent . Well, Joule and Feat are monsters, so it might be possible that transfer equipment wasn’t necessary for their daily lives until now .

[Alright . Then, shall we keep going?]

[[Un! That way~]]

With Allen and Elena pointing out the direction, we soon discovered the staircase to the twenty-fourth floor .

We continued the capture and were able to find the staircase leading to the twenty-fifth floor .

That was all for the day . I decided to rest before descending .

By the way, alligator meat was used for today’s dinner . We ate it deep-fried with soy sauce . Un, it was immensely delicious .




Chapter 83

[Fa……]

《Oniichan, morning~》

[[Ah]]

[Gufu!]

Waking up from a short sleep, I heard Joule’s, Allen’s, and Elena’s voices . And then at the same time, a terrible impact on my belly…… I’m choking .

[…… Joule]

Joule who turned into the small form was on my belly . The impact from a little while ago appears to be from Joule jumping on me .

I would catch him in my hands as usual, but I caught him with the pit of my stomach instead because I was just getting up .

This impact with no aggressiveness with a small form…… I see, it’s only given that the big Joule trampled the alligators to death~

《Au~…… I’m sorry》

Joule who noticed my fainting in agony after his jumping impact was visibly feeling down . His tail would usually flap all over the place, but it’s now hanging in despondent .

[No, yeah, I’m fine . Good morning, Joule . Well, I won’t tell you to stop jumping onto me, but please, I request you to do the landing carefully next time]

《Got it~》

When I pat Joule who was feeling despondent while rising up, I caution Joule to pay attention to the landing next time . I understand he didn’t have any ill intentions, but I would like to avoid that impact every time .

[Allen and Elena too, good morning]

[[Morning~]]

[Naa~]

[Good morning to you as well, Feat]

I finish greeting the other children and start preparing breakfast after putting in order my clothes .

[Now then, what shall we eat today~]

[[Onigiri~]]

[N? You want to eat onigiri?]

[[Un!]]

《Me too~》

[Naa~]

While thinking what freshly cooked dish to make, Allen and Elena made a request . It appears they want onigiri this morning . Joule and Feat are apparently okay with that as well .

[What would you like for the filling?]

[[Ntone~ fish~]]

Speaking of onigiri with fish filling that I made, it was salmon and tuna mayo . In addition, a miso soup with plenty of vegetables and tamagoyaki to go with that .

[[It’s delish~]]

《…… Yum yum》

[Nnaa~]

We start capturing after eating the meal . Today is the twenty-fifth floor .

[[[[[Kishaーーー]]]]]

Just as we descended on the twenty-fifth floor, Army Crabs appeared . In a large quantity at that .

[[Muu~]]

《Those are hard and not so delicious~》

[Naa~]

Because it was monsters not suitable for ingredients, the children were disappointed .

…… Rather, Joule . You have eaten them before? Moreover, raw?

Huh…… Feat is nodding in agreement?

《Do you think Oniichan could make a tasty meal out of it?》

[Naa~]

[[Ohh~?]]

Everyone looks at me with expectations .

Cooking with Armi Crabs? Erm…… there are not many edible parts, but it’s not impossible . But…… they are not meant for eating……

[…… If it’s dashi…… I could do it?]

They are materials used for making armor, but a crab is a crab?

[[《Dashi~?》]]

[It’s for a soup]

《Yay~ I want to drink a soup~ Then, I will do my best and defeat them, okay~》

[Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

It appears that it has been decided that I will make a soup from the Army Crabs .

Allen, Elena, and Joule vigorously ran towards the Army Crabs .

Well, they have run off with such vigor to defeat the Army Crabs and they will surely obtain many materials, so there shouldn’t be a problem in trying to make dashi .

[Naa~]

[N?]

[Nnaannaa~]

[Ah, Feat wants to participate as well?]

[Naa~]

Feat who was in my hands wanted to participate as well, so when I released Feat from my hands, Feat started firing magic at the Army Crabs mid-air .

Because there are many Army Crabs, I should participate in attacking too . I would like to earn some experience even if little .

[《Water Needle》]

[[Yaa~]]

《Eiya~》

[Nnaa!]

With all of us moving, the large crowd of Army Crabs got exterminated in a blink of an eye .

[[Finished~]]

A large quantity of drop items are scattered all over the place .

We have obtained many shells, legs, claws, and magic stones, but the children were most delighted about the Army Crab eggs they saw for the first time . There was also nori for some reason……

Is that “it”? Was it stuck to the crab’s shell or something? I wonder if the dungeon is pushing me to make the soup……

《Oniichan, can you make the soup with this? There’s still lots~?》

[No, no, this is plenty . However, I will make it tonight]

《Un! Yay~ I’m looking forward to it~》

[[Looking forward to it~]]

[Naa~]

If I say something wrong, it would turn into the alligator hunting, so I have to be careful about my words .

[There, there, let’s get going~]

[[《Yay~》]]

[Naa~]

I would like to capture at least the twenty-sixth floor today after all . Let’s crisply progress! --Is what I thought, but…… it didn’t go according to my plan .

[[Many~]]

《Really~ So many~》

[Naa~]

A large crowd of Army Crabs appeared again .

[…… Let’s quickly defeat them~]

[[《Yay~》]]

[Naa~]

After I said such, the children really defeated the Army Crabs quickly .

Thus, we obtained many Army Crab drop items again .

《I’m looking forward the dinner, right~》

[[Right~]]

[Naa~]

Un, soup making…… I will do my best……

After that, we smoothly advanced through the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh floors .

And when we secured a place to rest, I started making the children’s long-awaited Army Crab soup .

I smashed the hard shell so it would fit into the pot and I started extracting the essence accompanied by gentle clicking .

I threw the Army Crab eggs and nori into the strained soup . The eggs were thumbnail-sized with gelatine-like quality, so I was worried whether it would melt while cooked, but there wasn’t a problem as it floated in the soup . Lastly, I salted it and tried the taste!

Un, it tastes unexpectedly good . Besides, these Army Crab eggs! Their popping texture matches the soup well!

[Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

《Not fair~ Me too~》

[Nnaa~]

I was checking the taste of the soup, but the children found fault with it and quickly rushed towards me .

Since it couldn’t be helped, I retrieved a few pre-made dishes from the《Infinite Storage》and we had the dinner just like that .




Chapter 84

Today, we are capturing the twenty-eighth floor . Including this, there are three more floors in the Dungeon of Ripples .

I see the end~ I came all the way here without any troubles thanks to Allen and Elena .

Well~ I hardly did anything until now~ …… Just cooking? As their guardian, I wonder if it’s all right……

Allen and Elena are having fun, but should I ask them to let me do the fighting……? I’m troubled, but……

[[Ah, a bear~]]

Allen and Elena who discovered a Water Bear broke into a run .

[[Yaa!]]

[Guaaah……]

And they insta-killed it .

[[Onii~ chan, look, look~]]

The two put on the pelt which dropped and cheerfully returned to my side .

Ah…… yeah, asking them to leave it to me would be impossible . I can’t snatch the two’s amusement~

[That’s a large pelt, isn’t it~]

[[Un! Like Joule and Feat~ Is enough~?]]

[N? …… Yeah, it’s enough~ I did not forget, so let’s have it made properly, okay?]

[[Un!]]

It’s the Joule and Feat heavy winter clothing imitation they wanted to make .

We were talking just about coats at that time, but looking at the amount of pelts we have gathered, we have more than enough to make a whole body animal costume~ Rather, wouldn’t that be better?

《Whatwhat~?》

[Naa~?]

[[Same~]]

《N?》

[Nnaa?]

Joule and Feat whose names came out showed interest in the topic, but the two animals tilted their heads at Allen’s and Elena’s words .

Well, they wouldn’t understand just from being told “same” right~

[Ah, the plan is to make Allen’s and Elena’s coats from the Water Bear pelt in Joule’s and Feat’s style]

《Me!? Really!?》

[Nnaa!?]

When I convey to Joule and Feat so they would understand, the two animals showed a surprise and then their bodies expressed happiness .

《Eh, that bear just now? Just the pelt? Shouldn’t we get more of that then? Alright, let’s look for bears~》

[Naa~]

[[Ohh~]]

[No, wait a moment! We have enough pelts already!]

Thus, Joule and Feat ran off to search for Water Bears in high tension . Together with Allen and Elena…… I chased after the children and stopped them .

《Ehh~? I mean, we will be matching~》

[Naa~]

[No, we have it, okay! We have plenty of pelts, so we will be fine even if you don’t look for it]

《Muu~》

[Naa~]

After somehow managing to stop the bear hunting which just barely started, Allen and Elena found a hidden room in the passage after resuming the capture .

[[Here~]]

[N? Oh, it certainly looks hidden room-ish]

《Yay~ I wonder if there’s a treasure~》

[Naa~]

It wasn’t a trapdoor room like the before, but the destroy the wall hidden room . Therefore, when we enter after destroying the wall, there was a spacious room with a stone altar with an artificial fountain with light brown liquid in the center .

It’s unlike any hidden room we have found before .

[This is the smell of alcohol?]

When I approached the fountain, the smell of alcohol gradually became stronger .

I’m fine, but I would be troubled if it had a bad influence on Allen and Elena, so I isolated the scent of surroundings with the wind .

And when I used【Appraisal】on the fountain, the result was[Brandy Fountain] .

It appears that the light brown liquid is alcohol, a brandy at that .

Of course, there’s no harm on the body--no, it’s an alcohol, so drinking way too much would harm the body…… in this case, the harm is in the toxic meaning .

But, it seems there are no problems in drinking it, so I gave it a try .

[Ah, it’s good]

When I scoop it in my hands and try, it tasted nostalgic .

[Un, it’s a brandy without a doubt . It’s normally delicious]

I drank alcohol if invited by a friend . It was only to such degree, so I’m not that knowledgeable about alcohol, but I’m thinking whether this brandy doesn’t have a considerably good taste .

Speaking of popular alcohol circulating around Aetherdia, it would be an ale . And then, wine and apple cider-like alcohol made from fruit .

I might find it if I looked for it, but I haven’t seen any brandy so far even though I saw products made from the same grapes . I found balsamic vinegar and apple cider-like vinegar though~

As for the alcohol made of grains with the exception of ale--I haven’t seen any whiskey, gin, or vodka .

The white wheat which is used as feed for the livestock--I thought that finding a rice wine would be hopeless, but I might be able to find it somewhere in a dungeon .

Finding a brandy here is a good fortune . Of course, I should draw some of it, right?

…… If I’m not mistaken, I should have an empty water cask .

There are cases like this, so it’s necessary to purchase more empty casks or bottles .

[[Is delish~?]]

[It is . But, this is a beverage for adults, so Allen and Elena mustn’t drink it, okay?]

[[…… Yess]]

Allen and Elena seemed interested, but this is an alcohol . I can’t Allen and Elena drink this .

[[Uniyu~]]

[Au~n]

[Nnya!?]

[…… N?]

While I was taking out the empty cask from the《Infinite Storage》, I suddenly heard Allen, Elena, and Joule let out weird voices .

[[…… Not delish]]

《This is not good~》

[Hey! Ehh!? Did you perhaps drink it? Ahh, seriously~~~ Here, a fruit water, drink it]

It appears that the children drank the fountain liquid as soon as I took my eyes off of them .

Feat didn’t seem to drink it and was quite shocked when the two and one animal drank .

I retrieved the children’s favorite fruit water from the《Infinite Storage》in panic and let them and Joule drink .

[[Uniyu~]]

[Are you feeling sick?]

[[…… Not sick~]]

《Ugh~~~》

Even though they drank it, it should be only a small amount, so I think there won’t be any problems .

That reminds me, Allen and Elena have Abnormal Status Resistance, don’t they? With that, would it be difficult for them to suffer from a hangover? Well, at the moment, rather than that--

[You guys! I told you not to drink it, didn’t I?]

I have to properly scold Allen, Elena, and Joule!

[[I’m sorry~]]

《I’m sorry》

The two and one animal apologized dejectedly .

[I told you not to drink it for a reason . It wasn’t good, was it?]

[[Not good]]

《I don’t like it~》

[Right? Besides, that is something children shouldn’t drink . Will you promise me not to taste anything that I say you shouldn’t eat or drink from now on?]

[[《I promise~》]]

Because I don’t have to worry about them drinking it anymore, I decided to draw the brandy without a reserve . Ah, before that--

[Feat, come here . Feat gets a reward because you’ve kept the promise]

《Yay~》

[N?]

At that time, I heard a girlish voice, different from Elena’s .

[Huh? Was that perhaps you, Feat?]

《That’s right, Niisama . You see, I’ve learned【Telepathy】~》

[Ohh!]

It appears that Feat learned the【Telepathy】 .

Similarly to Joule, Feat’s voice is still childish and adorable .

[[Feat!]]

《That’s right~ Allen-chan and Elena-chan, let’s keep being good friends from now on too, okay?》

[[Un!]]

《Niisama too, please take care of me》

[Yeah . Feat, let’s get along]

I was interrupted by the surprise of Feat’s【Telepathy】, but I have to reward her before I forget .

[Then, Feat . Are you fine with Cream bread for your reward?]

《Un . I love Cream bread~》

[[《Au~》]]

When I rewarded Feat with a Cream bread, Allen, Elena, and Joule looked at me with staggeringly sad eyes .

…… I’m not trying to bully them, but I have to endure~

《Niisama~ I want to eat with everyone》

Feat said so .

Well, being looked at with such eyes, Feat would have a difficult time eating alone, and above all, I can’t withstand those eyes~

[It can’t be helped . You will have to properly protect the promise next time, okay?]

[[《Un》]]

While the children were eating the Cream bread, I drew plenty of the brandy .




Chapter 85

[Alright, this floor is the last one~]

[[Last one~]]

《Where is the boss I wonder~》

《Maybe that way~?》

We easily finished capturing the twenty-ninth floor and finally stormed into the last floor of the dungeon, the thirtieth floor .

[[《《There it is~》》]]

And before long, we found the door of the boss room .

Promptly touching the door of the room and entering, what we came into was a coast-like place .

[[Sea~?]]

[Looks like it~]

A place with seawater that reached my knees . Because I see foreshore on my left, the right is most likely an open sea .

While observing the surroundings, a light fired from the open sea . That is the sign of the boss appearing .

[Shall we have Allen and Elena get on Joule? Joule, take care of them please]

[[Yes~]]

《Un, come up~》

《Niisama~ Do I fly by myself~?》

[That would be for the best . But, Feat is the only one without the mermaid bracelet, so be careful of the water, okay?]

《Un》

While organizing the battle preparations, the light gradually settled down .

When the light completely settled, a huge squid of several meters in size appeared . On the contrary of my Kraken expectations, it was a monster called Little Kraken .

Yeah, it’s not little at all, isn’t it!? Ah, but normal Kraken would be several times the size, so little is not wrong?

[Kiiーーーーー!!]

[《Wind Cutter》]

When I immediately fired《Wind Cutter》towards the Little Kraken, its leg got cut off .

[Ehh!?]

[[Ohh~]]

《They regrew~》

《Wow~》

However, the Little Kraken’s leg regrew in a blink of an eye . The leg which was cut off is still floating on the water surface though……

[Next, Allen~! --《Water Jet》]

Allen’s magic hit the Little Kraken and plucked off one of its legs . But, the Little Kraken’s leg immediately grew back .

[Next, Elena! --《Water Jet》]

Same thing happened to Elena who followed up after Allen .

《Woah . They are regrowing one after another, aren’t they~》

《Un, it’s endless》

Joule and Feat looked at the Little Kraken in amazement .

《Niisama, wouldn’t it be better for us to attack all at once and finish it in one go?》

《An all-out attack? Ohh, that seems fun . Oniichan, I approve!》

[Indeed, I don’t know to what degree it can regenerate itself, so bringing it down in one go sounds good…… then, let’s prepare]

[[《《Okay~》》]]

The Little Kraken’s regeneration ability is troublesome, so I decided for Feat’s proposal which was to bring it down with a simultaneous all-out attack .

[Let’s go -- One, two, go . 《Wind Cutter》]

[[《Water Jet》]]

《《Water Jet》》

《《Wind Cutter》》

--Dokaーn!

Everyone’s magic hit the Little Kraken and an outrageously loud noise resounded .

A massive amount of seawater flew into the air, a torrential rain obstructed the vision at the place where the Little Kraken was . Like this, I’m unable to confirm the Little Kraken’s status .

When the seawater rain subsided, what I saw was a worn-out state of the Little Kraken . The Little Kraken sunk into the sea just like that .

[[《Defeated~》]]

《That was too quick》

After a short while, drop items drifted towards us .

A blue magic stone, Little Kraken’s meat, and squid ink . Strangely, the three separated legs of the Little Kraken floated to us without disappeared as well . Moreover, they are bigger than me .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Little Kraken’s Leg】

Squid tentacle . Edible .

Moderately elastic with a chewy texture .

＝＝＝＝＝

…… It seems to be edible .

It’s not larger just by a little bit, but does it have the characteristic food texture of tentacles?

Rather, I’m curious about the tentacles too, but now’s the status time! I have not confirmed my status since meeting with Kaiser after all . I feel a bit worried~ Mainly about the level difference between me and the children……

＝＝＝＝＝

【 Name 】Takumi Kayano

【 Race 】Human?［Wind God’s retainer］

【 Occupation 】Magician

【 Age 】20

【 Level 】29

Skills

Titles

Contracted Beasts

＝＝＝＝＝

Hmm…… level 29, huh…… it’s raising favorably, but Allen’s and Elena’s level is…… yeah, as I thought…… level 30…… they have overtaken me……

Un, I thought so…… most of the monsters in this dungeon were defeated by Allen and Elena . It’s only the natural result…… haa……

My level was lower than Joule’s and Feat’s when we met . But, I surpassed them once . However, Joule caught up before I noticed again . Feat’s level is just under me, she’s level 28 .

umm, next is…… oh! I got new skills . 【Dagger Technique】【Clarity】and【Trap Dismantling】 .

I have completely forgotten about the【Fire Magic】I received from the Fire God . I’m not using it at all .

Next is…… wha!? Those titles–!!

【Conqueror of Intermediate-Grade Dungeon】was expected, but~ The hell is【Food Evangelist】!?

Just when did I obtain such title!

…… Although I say that, it’s a title I vaguely understand why I obtained it . I mean, a God has been delighted about the cooking development, so getting a title wouldn’t be strange, right?

While received the shocks from the status contents--creaking sounds echoed, and a door in the deepest part of the room opened .

[Onii~cha~n]

[Opened~]

[Thank you . Then, shall we go everyone?]

[[《《Yes~》》]]

There was a room in the deepest part that was more luxurious than the one on the twentieth and tenth floors .

[[Treasure~]]

《Let’s open it~》

《What’s inside, I’m looking forward to it~》

Just like in the Earth Dungeon, a treasure chest appeared . It’s possible that it’s a reward for the first capture of an undiscovered dungeon .

[Then, I’m opening it~]

[[What is it~?]]

《A sword, isn’t it?》

《It’s big~》

What was inside the treasure chest was a sword the size of an adult .

[…… This, what to do with it?]

It’s a splendid sword without a doubt . It’s similar to a magic sword with fire magic sealed inside .

No matter how much effort I would put it, this doesn’t look like something I could manage to handle .

《Niisama, you are not taking it?》

[[It~?]]

《Yeah~ you are not taking it~?》

Feat tilted her head in wonder at me who didn’t collect the sword right away . Following her, Allen and Elena made the same gesture . Moreover, even Joule reacted excessively .

[N? It’s a good sword, but it’s not usable for me~ I was just taking a look . Well, it’s a sword gained by capturing a dungeon, so I will take it regardless whether I can use it or not--eh, huh?]

Even though I already stored the sword in the《Infinite Storage》, the treasure chest didn’t disappear .

[[N?]]

《What, what~?》

《Niisama, what’s the matter~?》

[…… Perhaps]

The treasure chest this time wasn’t made from wood like the ones we encountered on the way, but it was made from metal while decorated with jewels, it was a bit extravagant chest .

When I tried storing it in the《Infinite Storage》as a test--

[Ah~]

I was able to collect it .

Apparently, this treasure chest is also treasure-ish? I don’t know uses treasure chests could have, but I decided to take it .

[Shall we return?]

[[Un!]]

[Because there might be people on the first floor, this is it for Joule and Feat]

《I see~ too bad . Oniichan, call me soon again, okay?》

《Niisama, summon me again as well, okay?》

[Of course . See you next time]

[[See you~]]

Joule and Feat returned to my shadow and I took Allen and Elena to the transfer device .

Until now, we would be forcibly transferred as soon as we touched the transfer device, but it was different this time .

I felt like I had the option to choose a destination in mind--the hall on the first floor, deep inside the tenth floor, and the innermost place of the twentieth floor .

Indeed, this is the first time that the destination of the transfer isn’t fixed and it’s possible to choose from multiple destinations .

[[Where~?]]

It seems that the choice to choose the destination conveyed to Allen and Elena as well .

[Let’s see . Then, let’s try going to the twentieth floor for a moment]

[[Twenti~eth!]]

When we recognized the twentieth floor as the destination, a unique dizziness from the transfer assaulted me .

And the next moment, we have appeared in a different room from the room on the thirtieth floor .

I see a waterfall on the other side, so this is without the doubt the twentieth floor .

[Then, let’s return this time]

[[Un!]]

[Allen, Elena . The first floor is next, okay?]

[[Un, first floor~!]]

Confirming that they could transfer safely, I touched the transfer device again and returned to the hall on the first floor .

There were several people in the hall and it got a little noisy after we appeared after using the transfer device, but we left behind the dungeon just like that and returned to the town of Bailey .




Chapter 86

[Yo~ Takumi!]

[Long time no see . It has been a month and a half wasn’t it, Takumi-san]

[Ehhhh-!?]

When we returned to the Risner mansion after capturing the dungeon, there were people I didn’t think I would meet .

And that was precisely the Captain of the Shirin’s Knights Order Wald-sama and Cedric-san’s little brother, the Vice-Captain Isaac .

[Were you pipsqueaks also well~]

[Allen-kun, Elena-san, hello . How have you been?]

[[Well~]]

While I was feeling surprised, Wald-sama and Isaac-san spoke with Allen and Elena .

Whether it was because Allen and Elena were fairly acquaintanced with them, they answered normally .

[Nonono!! W, why are Wald-sama and Isaac-san here!?]

[That’s cruel of you, Takumi-san . This is my hometown, you know? It’s not strange to be here, right?]

[N, no…… that’s true but……]

This is certainly Isaac-san’s hometown so it’s not strange for him to be here……

Do he perhaps have a vacation or something? But it would be strange for him to be with Wald-sama if that was the case .

In the first place, did Cedric-san know that the two are going to come?

[To surprise Takumi-san to this extent it was worthwhile having the horses run fast with a strict schedule, wasn’t it~]

[That is so . It’s always Takumi who is giving surprises]

[……]

They have apparently come a long way from Shirin on horses all the way here, to Bailey .

That’s right, isn’t it . If that wasn’t the case, it would be strange for them to arrive at this town in a few days . I’m sure they let the horses run at a quite quick pace .

It’s just, to be that delighted from being able to surprise me, this is somehow…… frustrating……

I don’t know when they returned because we were in the dungeon until just a moment ago . Even if they have just arrived and are tired, I have already lost the feelings of apprehension .

[So, why are you here?]

First of all, I asked for the reason why Wald-sama and Isaac-san are here .

[To pick you up, Takumi!]

[Haa!?]

Then, Wald-sama returned a reply I couldn’t comprehend .

To pick me up? Why?

[Wald-sama, please stop omitting the explanation]

[…… Umm, Isaac-san, what’s going on? Ah! Also, I’m sorry . I’ve used Isaac-san’s first name for my own convenience]

[Ah, don’t worry about the name . Calling me Risner while staying at Risner House would be inconvenient . Rather, there’s no need for the honorifics so I wouldn’t mind if you called me just Isaac]

[Ou, I also won’t mind if you throw away the honorifics with me!]

[No…… that’s a bit……]

I felt relieved that I got Isaac-san’s permission to use his first name . Even though I knew that Isaac-san wouldn’t be angry, using a noble’s name over-familiarly without permission is more or less considered as resistance . Only for Wald-sama to jump on along the way……

Cedric-san was like this too but as I thought, not using honorifics is impossible .

Also, Wald-sama is more fitting to be addressed as Wald-sama, isn’t he~

[So, what do you mean by picking me up?]

I recover and request an explanation from Isaac-san .

[On this occasion, we have been transferred to the capital duty]

[Is that so?]

Capital duty? What relation does Wald-sama’s and Isaac-san’s capital duty have with picking me up?

[Yeah, although the plan was to transfer all along, it was hastened a bit]

[…… Umm?]

[I’m told there was a person who discovered a new dungeon in Bailey and His Majesty wants to meet that person . However, that person dislikes standing out you see . If His Majesty issues an edict to summon him to the castle it will gather attention whether he likes it or not, so we would like to avoid it if possible]

[……]

It’s a story about their transfer…… while thinking such, the topic abruptly changed .

However, His Majesty is…… the King, right? Eh? That means we were summoned by the King?

[Because of that, we were ordered to request you to come to the capital with us as your acquaintances . Acting like guards while at it, we will move to the capital . It’s basically killing two birds with one stone . Well~ I’m glad we arrived at Bailey before Takumi-san departed]

[……]

I don’t already know what’s what……

Erm…… I have no obligation to come to the capital but this already has a feeling of being half obligation, doesn’t it?

Well, I intended to visit the capital eventually, so I don’t mind going . I don’t mind but…… I will be meeting the King, huh .

Hmm, meeting the King and confirming his character wouldn’t be that bad? Somehow, I feel that way would be better for the future .

[Allen, Elena . We will have to go to a different town but…… do you mind?]

[[Nniyu? Together with Onii~ chan~?]]

[We will go together~]

[Then, Allen will go too~]

[Elena will go too~]

Both Allen and Elena consented on going to the capital .

[When are we departing?]

[Are you okay with it?]

[Yeah, I had plans to go to the capital . If you tell me “we are departing tomorrow” that would be impossible though]

[We have just arrived and we need to rest so you don’t have to worry about that]

The departure appears not be fixed yet but we will be soon leaving for the capital .

[By the way, can you ride a horse, Takumi-san?]

[Ah~…… I’m sorry, I can’t]

Ah, right . Going together with Wald-sama and Isaac-san means that we can’t move on Joule and others……

What to do~ I could ride on Joule or Feat without problems but as expected, I don’t know how to manipulate horse with reins . Should I expose the existence of Joule and others……

Perhaps they have already heard about Joule from Cedric-san but…… Cedric-san should be recognizing Joule and Feat as Fenrir and Celestial Tiger children . He most likely didn’t consider moving while on their backs .

[What? Takumi, you can’t ride a horse? Should I teach you then?]

While being troubled, Wald-sama made such proposal .

Ah, I see . There was also the horseback riding practice hand . It will be impossible to ride fast but I will be able to normally manage if I obtain the【Horseback Riding】skill . The current me might be able to do it before long .

[Wald-sama, may I ask you to instruct me on horseback riding?]

[Oh, sure . Leave it to me]

Even if I can’t obtain the skill, it would be good to get some horseback riding experience .

There might be more cases where I won’t be able to call Joule and others after all .

[I don’t know whether I will be able to manage in time so I’m unable to decide on the means of travel at the moment but……]

[Yeah, that’s fine . We have not decided on the departure yet, if there will be a need for a carriage, we can just use our family’s one]

Even if I become able to ride a horse, there’s still a problem of whether I will be able to ride together with Allen and Elena . As I thought, would it be impossible to ride with both?

If that were the case, should I ask Wald-sama and Isaac-san to whom they have attached themselves to an extent?

Well, it won’t be late to ask once I become able to do it . First of all, let’s practice so I can ride .




Chapter 87

[Uncle~ I’m entering~?]

After making a determination to go to the capital and just deciding on the horseback riding practice, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun entered the room .

[Takumi-san, Allen-kun, Elena-chan, welcome back~]

[Welcome back~]

[Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, we are back]

[[Are back~]]

The two who entered the room saw us and rushed over .

[How was the dungeon?]

[Please let us hear about it!]

And they about the stories from the dungeon .

[When we have the time, okay? Rather than that, didn’t you have a business with Isaac-san?]

[That’s not it . We heard Takumi-san and the children are here so]

It appears that Theodore-kun and Latis-kun didn’t enter the room because they have business with Isaac-san, but because they were looking for us .

[Nevertheless, you understood well that we were here]

[We asked the servants to inform us immediately after Takumi-san’s return!]

Ou…… these children, they are doing the same thing as Cedric-san……

Cedric-san is on a town scale while the children are on the mansion scale . There’s no doubt they are the little versions of their father . As expected of parents-children connected by blood .

[Oh my, oh my, you are parent and children, aren’t you? These children are doing the same thing Elder brother does, don’t they?]

It seems Isaac-san knows Cedric-san’s ways . He’s looking at his nephews exhaustedly . But, I feel the same ideology from Isaac-san though……

[…… Isaac, you do it too though]

While thinking such, Wald-sama weakly muttered to himself . As I thought, Isaac-san is doing the same .

[Theodore, Latis too, isn’t it currently your study time?]

[I have just finished!]

[Me too]

I see . Because they studies finished, they came to ask about the stories from the dungeon . The two said that they love adventure stories . I don’t mind talking about it, but rather than that--

[Then, we got something amusing in the dungeon, want to play with that?]

[Really!]

[Yay~]

[Somewhere more spacious would be better but……]

[Let’s go to the practice field! Takumi-san, quickly, quickly!]

[Allen-kun, Elena-chan too, quickly!]

[Oh! Don’t rush so much……]

Urged on by Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, we arrived at the practice field .

There were several knights on the practice field, so when they moved to aside not to get in the way, I took out the soapy bubbles we obtained from Bubble Archelon .

[Wow! What is that!]

[So soft~]

The soapy bubbles remain for a while than naturally break in case the Bubble Archelon escapes . Also, in case the Bubble Archelon is defeated, the soapy bubbles will disappear the moment it’s defeated .

But however, the soapy bubbles stored in my《Infinite Storage》remained even after the Bubble Archelons were defeated .

Moreover, they won’t break no matter what . It didn’t burst even when I tried stabbing a knife into it .

Therefore, it became a firm but soft, light rubber balloon .

[Try lightly hitting it with your hand while facing us]

[Like this? --There!]

When Theodore-kun slaps the balloon--poyon, the balloon floated and flew towards us .

[Allen . Hit it towards Latis-kun just as it is . Lightly, okay?]

[Yes~]

When Allen hit the floating balloon, it flew towards Latis-kun this time .

[Latis-kun, hit it towards Elena next]

[Yes! --There!]

[Nice! Elena, towards Theodore-kun next, okay?]

[Yess]

Understanding the way to play, the children hit the balloon one after another .

[They are playing with something amusing~ Takumi, what’s that?]

Wald-sama who tagged along with us to the practice field showed interest in the Bubble Archelon’s soapy bubble the children were playing with . This world has many plants, monsters, and mysterious materials, but something like a rubber hasn’t spread around, so they must find it curious .

[That’s the foam? that Bubble Archelen releases, isn’t it?]

[Haa!? Wait a moment! That foam which bursts on touch? Why is it staying in shape!]

[Well~ it was in the way when we were defeating it, so I tried to store it in my《Infinite Storage》, but it stayed in the《Infinite Storage》even after defeating it and turned out like that when I took it out~ it didn’t break even after trying to pierce it with sharp tools, so I thought there wouldn’t be a problem to play with it]

[That means that you have defeated a Bubble Archelon, doesn’t it? They normally escape!]

[…… That’s a Takumi-san like method of defeating it, isn’t it?]

When I convey how we defeated the Bubble Archelon, Wald-sama and Isaac-san looked at me tiredly .

No I mean, if I am to tidy up the soapy bubbles that cover my field of vision, storing them into the《Infinite Storage》would be fastest~

[Takumi, if you still have some, lend me one]

[Ah, yes]

When I retrieved one soapy bubble and handed it over to Wald-sama, both Wald-sama and Isaac-san started to touch it and inspecting it .

[…… It really won’t break]

When Wald-sama grabbed the soapy bubble in both of his hands and put strength into it, it only changed shape but didn’t break .

[To only deform after Captain grabbed it with all of his strength…… it’s quite durable, isn’t it? It looks like a usable material . Researchers would be charmed]

[Right . Oy, Takumi . Do you have a lot?]

[Well, I have a reasonable amount . Do you know the approximate amount of soapy bubbles Bubble Archleon releases when being confronted? Not in the accurate meaning but an estimation]

[Yeah]

[if you multiply it by ten-odd times, can you understand the quantity?]

[…… Yeah . I understand that you have quite a lot]

Precisely . I have quite a lot soapy bubbles in the《Infinite Storage》 .

When encountering Bubble Archelon, it will release these bubbles without a doubt . And I collected them every time, didn’t I~

[Takumi-san, could you possibly sell us some?]

[I will give them to you?]

[That’s no good . Because it’s for research purposes . If we don’t properly pay here, it would become troublesome if we find a useful utility . I don’t think that would happen with Takumi-san as partner, but it’s not good to break the premise]

I see . If the material’s owner isn’t properly confirmed, once a use for it is found, a dispute over the profits would occur .

I think it would change ownership to whomever I “gave” it to, but there would be people who would argue, wouldn’t there~

[If that’s the case, I understand . Shall I leave the decision about its value to you?]

[Thank you very much . For the time being, I would be happy if you could give me couple now and a few once we are in the capital]

[I have quite a lot, so there’s no problem--oops]

While talking with Isaac-san about the soapy bubbles, I felt a light impact from behind .

[N? Allen and Elena? What’s the matter?]

[Together]

[Let’s play~]

[Takumi-san, this is amusing . Uncle~ How about Uncle too?]

[Wald-sama, let’s have a contest!]

The four children who were playing by themselves came to invite us . Latis-kun challenged Wald-sama to a match .

[What to do?]

I said while glancing at Wald-sama and Isaac-san .

[Alright! Pipsqueaks, I will keep you company!]

[That’s right . One should occasionally keep the children company]

Eventually, it turned out to four children VS Wald-sama and Wald-sama played with the children until the day got dark .




Chapter 88

We were joined by Wald-sama and Isaac-san on that day’s dinner, it was very lively .

For dinner, we had scallops that had the appearances of razor clam and turban shell called Yard shellfish with butter and soy sauce, fish meuniére seasoned with curry spice and vegetable sticks with mayonnaise .

The chef of the Risner House Ryan-san repeated trial and error until he gradually started increasing the size of the menu .

Wald-sama and Isaac-san who have never seen such dishes were surprised .

I thought Cedric-san would let them know in a letter, but it appears he bragged only until the jelly . The reason for that was a letter about the newly discovered dungeon, Wald-sama and Isaac-san have been then contacted by the capital, leading them to quickly depart from Shirin .

And, they have arrived in Bailey just today .

So that means, as I thought, Cedric-san knew that Wald-sama and Isaac-san were coming here .

[So good~]

[It’s very delicious]

The two were very satisfied with the new dishes .

And, after that, only the adults were left behind for a few drinks .

[Ou, are the pipsqueaks alright~,]

[Well, somehow…… they were a bit grumpy though]

Adults only, meaning that Allen and Elena aren’t here . I somehow persuaded them and put them to sleep in the room we are borrowing .

Just in case, I summoned Joule and others and had them sleep together with Allen and Elena .

[They basically cling to you after all~]

[It can’t be helped considering the environment and circumstances they were brought up in though . But, they became able to be separated from you in a little period of time like this, so I’m certainly seeing that they are growing up little by little]

It’s as Isaac-san said, although it’s little by little, I think that Allen and Elena are properly growing up .

The two should have been in a terrible environment . Despite that, those children are growing pure and obedient . That is very joyous .

[The environment they were brought up in, is it?]

Ah, I haven’t told Allen’s and Elena’s past to Cedric-san yet .

[Allen and Elena were orphans and they have been in a rather bad environment]

[Was that so…… Then, they are not related by blood with Takumi-san……]

Cedric-san was surprised from the bottom of his heart, that’s what I felt .

Does it mean he saw us as a genuine family? That is wonderful!

[Takumi and the twins are so like family that blood relations are irrelevant after all!]

Then, Wald-sama affirmed just what I was thinking about .

[Wald-sama, thank you very much . I’m very happy hearing you say that]

[I see, I see! Here, Takumi . You usually don’t drink much, right? Drink and drink today!]

[That’s true . Ah, right . Won’t you try drinking this?]

I took out several bottles of the brandy I drew in the dungeon .

On the way back, I saw stylish bottles in a store we happened to pass, so I bought them and transferred the brandy from the cask into them .

[N? What’s that?]

[Takumi-san, this is?]

[It’s alcohol . I think it probably is a rare one but]

[What!? A rare alcohol! Let’s drink it at once]

When I conveyed that it’s a rare alcohol, Wald-sama rejoiced and immediately picked up the bottle and poured the brandy into glasses .

[What a beautiful color . It’s similar to the ale but…… it’s something different, isn’t it? The fragrance is different]

[That’s right . I haven’t smelled such fragrance before]

[This is an alcohol called brandy]

[I have never heard of it]

[Yeah]

Judging by the reaction, as I thought, brandy is not an alcohol that appears on the market .

[So good]

[This is quite strong alcohol, isn’t it?]

[Indeed]

The four of us promptly drank the brandy, but drinking it straight is indeed intense . I wish I had prepared ice~

However, it seems it suited their tastes, so the reaction was quite favorable .

[This alcohol might be too strong to drink as is . This is an alcohol that drinks little by little after diluting it with water or putting in ice]

[I think it’s fine as it is, but such way of drinking also doesn’t sound bad]

[I see, cooling it with ice would change the taste]

[That’s so, isn’t it? I will prepare the ice]

Oh, ice can be easily prepared, I see~ Although there seem to be refrigerator and freezer magic tools, they should cost quite a large sum . Well, this is the mansion of the feudal lord after all . They surely have it .

Or are there cold rooms or something? That, or people who can make it with ice magic?

Let’s have Joule make ice water and store it in the《Infinite Storage》…… N? No, freezing the water with life magic’s《Freeze》should be good enough?

Speaking of ice, I would like to make shaved ice or ice cream . It’s still warm so it should be fine as the children’s snack . Ah~ but I have no tool for shaving ice . It seems that patience would be needed if shaving with a knife .

Ice cream should be alright? Ice cream can be made by mixing egg yolks with sugar and cream and thoroughly stirring while freezing .

Pudding should be fine too since it has similar ingredients? Steaming time, the amount of milk and the firmness would need adjustments, but I should be able to do it with a few trial and errors .

[Takumi, where does this alcohol come from?]

While thinking about making new snacks, Wald-sama asked about the alcohol’s producing area? No, a store I bought it from?

[N? Ah, this is something that springs out in the Dungeon of Ripples]

When I honestly answered thinking that there’s no need to hide it--

[[[Haa?]]]

The surprised voices of the three people overlapped .

[Incidentally, it’s on the twenty-eight floor]

[[[Haaa!?]]]

Their voices overlapped again . The three are perfectly in sync, aren’t they~

[Wait a moment! Twenty-eight floor, you say? I’m certain I heard that this dungeon has thirty floors but, perhaps……]

[N? If it’s about the capture then we already finished? The boss was a Little Kraken]

[[[Haaaaa!?]]]

Un, they really are on the same wavelength .

[Oyoyoy! Are you saying you have captured the newly discovered dungeon in such a short term! Moreover, a Little Kraken? Are you saying you defeated that!?]

[Well, yeah]

Wald-sama looked at me with tired eyes .

[Haa……]

[Takumi-san……]

Isaac-san and Cedric-san sighed deeply .

I wonder what is it, this reaction…… isn’t it too cruel?

[By the way, Takumi-san . Do you still have some of this alcohol?]

[N? Ah, yes . I have drawn as much as I could, so I do have reasonable amount?]

[Then, how about offering it to His Majesty when you go to the capital?]

[Eh!? An offering, is it? This alcohol?]

[Yes, I think it’s satisfactory article . It’s a taste we haven’t experienced before . I will prepare a worthy bottle]

Huh? Did Cedric-san tell me to present it just now?

Come to think of it, he sent a letter about the dungeon discovery before, but I feel like I heard that the feudal lord which is Cedric-san has to report to the capital personally…… is he not going?

[Didn’t Cedric-san have plans to go to the capital as well?]

[Yes, it was decided that Isaac will attend the audience as my proxy]

[I’m also Risner after all]

[Because you will have the audience together, it would be better for Takumi-san to present the offering]

Ah, so it has been arranged like that~ Indeed, if Isaac-san is going to the capital for an audience, there’s no need for Cedric-san to expressly go too~

[Isn’t it fine to leave it for later . Let’s drink now~]

[Seriously, Captain is……]

[Well, Isaac . It’s as Ruven-dono said, it’s not something to talk about while drinking, let’s talk about this at a later]

[…… You are right]

[Hahaha~]

We decided to enjoy the alcohol for now because of Wald-sama’s complaint and decided to make the arrangements another day .




Chapter 89

[Good morning]

[Ou, morning, Takumi . You don’t seem to be hungover]

[Yes, I’m fine]

I drank quite a lot last night, but I didn’t become hungover . The alcohol was considerably strong though . Whether it’s thanks to the body Syl made or the【Abnormal Status Resistance】skill, that I don’t know……

Well, at any rate, I won’t be showing a disgraceful behavior anymore after drinking, so if you ask if I feel relieved, then yes .

[Wald-sama seems to be fine as well . Even though you drank so much……]

[I could easily do double of that]

Wald-sama drank so much alcohol I couldn’t even compare myself to him . And yet, he’s without any signs of a hangover .

[Good morning]

[Good morning . Takumi-san, Captain is a bottomless drinker, so it’s not necessary to worry about him]

I see . Wald-sama is “someone who can drink like a fish” huh……

While not to the extent of Wald-sama, Cedric-san and Isaac-san should have drunk quite a lot too . And yet it seems that they don’t have any problems . These two must be rather strong with alcohol too .

No, the current me is not an exception . Far from being able to drink like a fish, I “might” be a fish .

[Here, you two sit down on a chair]

[[Muu~]]

On the other hand, Allen and Elena whom I have separated for the night have been clinging to me from the moment they opened their eyes . And presently, they are glued to my legs . Solidly at that .

I might have separated from them after putting them to sleep, but I have returned while they were sleeping though~ It seems even that was no good .

[Oh? From the looks of it, they must have been quite lonely last night]

[Looks like it . Allen-kun, Elena-san . We have prepared French toasts, so cheer up please]

[N? Furench toasts?]

As if Isaac-san has been expecting this situation, he was somewhat able to loosen the children’s expressions .

It appears he discussed this smart move with Cedric-san and had the two’s favorite French toasts prepared for the breakfast .

Rather, Isaac-san seems to be showing a greater interest in the French toasts than the children though……

After Allen and Elena ate the French toasts which were matched with fruit jelly, their moods somewhat returned to normal .

Taking such two with me, I went with Wald-sama and Isaac-san to the practice field .

I was asked about today’s plans during the breakfast, but when I replied with “nothing in particular,” we have decided to practice the horseback riding at once .

When we arrived at the practice field, I decided to summon Joule and others for the future’s sake and introduce them to Wald-sama and Isaac-san . Of course, everyone except Bolt were in their small forms .

[Oh, those are Takumi’s contracted beasts?]

They immediately caught Wald-sama’s interest .

[Joule and Bolt!]

[Kyan]

[Pii]

Allen introduced Joule and Bolt,

[Feat and Vector~]

[Naa~]

[Garu]

while Elena introduced Feat and Vector to Wald-sama and Isaac-san .

The introduced contracted beasts cheerfully replied in turns .

[If I’m not mistaken, they are Fenrir, Celestial Tiger, Scarlett King Leo, and Thunderhawk, right…… They might not be adults yet, but to gather so much monsters of such ranks……]

[O, ou…… they seem extremely smart and considerably obedient too . It’s my first time seeing contracted beasts, but are all contracted beasts like that?]

[By no means . Even though they are contracted, they are still monsters, so they will threaten anyone who approaches them with the exception of their contractor . Otherwise, they will show no interest and stay indifferent . Showing such friendly attitude like this should be quite unusual]

[Our children are very smart, so I don’t think they would threaten people we introduce them to . Well, playing pranks is a different thing though]

If unknown people approached our children without permission, I do think that they would threaten them .

Besides, they would play pranks on them and I can’t deny the possibility of counterattacking a threat .

《Everyone, the red-haired man is Wald-sama and the silver-haired man is Isaac-san . They will be moving with us from now on, so be sure to remember them》

《Un, got it~》

《Yes~ Niisama, Bolt and Vector are saying they[Understood~]too》

When I tell everyone to remember Wald-sama and Isaac-san via telepathy, Joule and Feat who are able to use telepathy replied . Feat even conveyed Bolt’s and Vector’s words .

[If the other party does something first, it will be taken as a legitimate self-defense and there won’t be a need for Takumi-san to bear any responsibility, but in cases like these, I request you not to kill the other party]

[I understand . Everyone does too, right?]

[Kyan]

[Nnaa~]

[Pii]

[Garu]

I think it will be all right as I have told them to act without killing during the bandit subjugation, but when I reminded them just in case, all four animals replied in acknowledgment .

[…… They really understand what we are saying, don’t they?]

[Yeah, they properly understand]

Isaac-san started seriously examining Joule and others .

[Uoh!]

At that time, Vector started playfully coiling between Wald-sama’s feet .

Surprised by Vector’s actions, Wald-sama raised his voice .

[Hey, Vector . Come back and be obedient, alright?]

[Garu~]

[Uoh~ that startled me~]

[Sorry about that]

[No, I don’t mind . Rather than that, Takumi . We should begin soon]

When Vector separated from Wald-sama’s feet, Wald-sama called for a stable boy? that was holding the reins of a Dapple-gray horse, and he received the reins from him .

[We will use this horse for practice]

[She’s a mare, isn’t she? Wald-sama, what is her name?]

[She seems to be called Caterina . She is apparently this mansion’s most docile horse]

I made eye contact with Caterina and stared . Then, Caterina lightly lowered her head .

Because I somewhat felt like Caterina was telling me “pet me,” I approached her and when I tried to gently pet her forehead, Caterina let herself be petted without disliking it, so I apparently met her demand .

[I heard that she’s a docile horse, but to let her guard down this quickly…… if it’s like this, you might manage to get on her quickly too]

[Really? That would be nice]

Wald-sama presented me the reins, so I received them and moved to Caterina’s side .

[Fufu . Does it feel good?]

Caterina was a really friendly horse as she told me who moved to her side to pet her neck some more .

[Alright! Then, Takumi, try getting on]

[……]

No, try getting on, you say…… I don’t know the way of getting on though……

[Captain…… you would normally explain the way of getting on here]

It seems that Isaac-san who was observing Joule and others heard Wald-sama’s words, so he interrupted while looking at Wald-sama exhaustedly .

I know, right? There’s no way the explanation would end with “then, try getting on” right?

[Ohh, that’s right . Well, that . Put one of your legs in the stirrup and get on with a heave-ho feeling!]

[[……]]

Ehh? Is that all? Is the explanation over? Wouldn’t it be impossible to get on with just that? It’s not that my comprehension is insufficient, right?

When I turned towards Isaac-san intending to confirm, Isaac-san placed his hand on his forehead as if his head was hurting and hung his head . Wald-sama’s explanation was completely no good, wasn’t it?

Yeah, asking Wald-sama to teach me might have been a failure in itself .

[Takumi-san, I will be guiding you from here on out]

[Isaac-san, please]

Isaac-san who recovered told me he will be instructing me now, so I gratefully accepted .

[What!? Why!?]

[Everyone, Wald-sama said he will play with you, so be sure to keep him company with all you’ve got, okay~]

[[Yes~]]

[Kyan]

[Nnaa]

[Pii]

[Garun♪]

After that, we ignored Wald-sama who was shouting in protest and the children who were slightly further away started charging at Wald-sama as soon as they were told .

[Uwaa! Wa, wait a moment~!]

The children would be bored just by watching my horseback riding practice after all . They would have fun if Wald-sama played with them .

[Like this, the children won’t be bored . We will get in the way of the children’s playing here, shall we move away a bit?]

[Let’s do that]

Isaac-san nodded to my good judgment too, so we moved out of the way a little after urging Caterina .

After that, I have received Isaac-san’s guidance and his coaching was very easy to understand . How to mount a horse, where to hold the saddle, to be cautious not to pull on the reins, he gave me precise instructions . Thanks to that, I was able to safely obtain【Horseback Riding】skill .

Next, I tried riding while placing the children in front of me and we were able to safely ride together if it’s only one of them . If I practice several times more, I will be able to receive an authorization to move on the horse all the way to the capital .

That being the case, we have decided to move to the capital not on the carriage but on horseback instead, but as I thought, letting both Allen and Elena on would be impossible . I have to think measures for that, but…… would it be all right if it’s Isaac-san~?

Well, let’s think about it carefully .




Chapter 90

The horseback riding practice was over by this morning . Isaac-san told me that it would be better to train some ten-odd minutes every day rather than trying to learn all at once .

Come to think of it, I think I heard that inner thighs and butt hurt while horseback riding, but I didn’t have such problem…… . Was it perhaps thanks to the【Physical Attack Resistance】? Although it’s not an attack, there’s no doubt that the grazing is caused by a physical thing, right?

Well, at any rate, I’m glad it saved me from any physical abnormality .

In the afternoon, I went to get the furniture I ordered .

A table and chairs big enough to use as a kitchen table for meals, a stool for Allen and Elena, beds, etc . I have ordered everything essential that came to mind and all of that is completed, so I came to get it and pay .

After that, I went to the Fiji Company . When I entered inside, the branch manager immediately rushed out from inside .

[If this isn’t Takumi-sama . Welcome, welcome]

I saw one shop assistant run in panic deeper inside the store when we entered, he must have gone to inform branch manager .

[Hello . For Branch Manager-san to come out expressly for me, thank you very much]

[No, no, Takumi-sama is this store’s important customer . It’s my privilege to keep you company . So, what kind of business do you have with us today? Did you perhaps encounter inconvenience because of that spice matter?]

[No, I left the decisions about the spice matter to Cedric-san, so I have no problems…… I was thinking if it were possible for me to see the goods in the warehouse today again . Sorry for the sudden request]

The reason I came here is because I heard that Kahee beans are imported from Serdik and other countries, so I thought of getting as much as I can .

When I came to this company the last time, we realized that the ship I recovered from the mermaid village was Fiji Company’s, so because of that, I saw only one part of the warehouse .

[Ohh! If that’s the case, I don’t mind at all]

I’m glad . Last time, we were shown to the warehouse because we came with Cedric-san and others . I thought there would be a possibility of being rejected if it’s just us, but it seems he will guide us inside .

[Takumi-sama, do you perhaps have an interest in imported goods like the Kahee beans?]

[Yeah, that’s exactly it . Could you let me see if you have such articles?]

[If that’s the case, I will present you the goods centering around such articles . Also, let’s see…… How about a few dungeon items that don’t usually appear on the market?]

It appears the branch manager properly understands what I desire .

However, there’s something else I want to see in this store .

[Also, I’m sorry for the way I put it, but I would like you to show me things that aren’t demanded that much]

[Things that aren’t demanded, is it?]

Branch Manager-san was making a wondering expression . In addition to ‘What is he planning to do with that?’ However--

[Yes, something like the soy sauce from before]

Now, the customers wanting to purchase soy sauce increased, but it should have been completely unpopular product before . Even if they are unpopular in this world, there might be products that I would want .

[Ohh! Which reminds me, it was Takumi-sama who identified the way of using soy sauce! I see, I see . I understand . I, Kashim, will take the responsibility of showing you the goods!]

The branch manager--Kashim-san must have determined that I was the source of the butter and soy sauce scallops and the soy sauce boom .

Moreover, from his expression, he seems determined and full of expectations of discovering an unpopular product .

[This way first, please]

Without a delay, Kashim-san guided us to the warehouse and immediately presented the goods .

The first thing he showed me was a fruit from Serdik called[Nana fruit] . They were several of lightly curved, long and narrow fruits .

As a matter of fact, Nanas are harvested when they are yellow and unripe, the skin turning red is an indication, and the white insides are eaten .

Most of the fruits here were orange and not ripe yet, but Kashim-san peeled a completely ripe and red one, and let us sample it .

[This is……]

[[Delish~]]

The skin and color are different, but the shape and taste is the same taste of bananas that I know .

Moreover, it was without any grassiness with a considerable sugary content, it was good .

[It’s sweet and easy to eat so it’s reasonably popular, but it’s quite difficult to handle . Even though we are careful, we often mistake the ripe period……]

Kashim-san’s explanation included characteristics that were in the bananas I know as well .

Allen and Elena seem to like Nana fruit too, so I would definitely like to buy them .

[Kashim-san, the Nanas you have here are actually still not completely ripe, but do you still have ripe ones like the one we had just now?]

[Y, yes…… ripe ones are stored in a different storage area, so we have them?]

I see, they have them in a different place . In that case--

[If possible, could you sell me all the ripe ones you have?]

[Takumi-sama, even those here will get spoiled in seven-eight days . The completely ripe ones won’t last longer than two or three days . I’m really happy that you want to purchase them but I can’t recommend buying them in such large quant……--!!]

Kashim-san suddenly stopped talking and fixedly stared at my face .

[--《Infinite Storage》!]

Kashim-san is aware that I’m able to use the《Infinite Storage》, so even if I purchase the completely ripe Nana fruits, I won’t have to worry about them rotting once I put them inside the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Yes . Therefore, If I had to choose, I think the completely ripe ones would be better]

[Did you say all of them?]

Kashim-san looked at me with expectations .

[I would be troubled if rotting ones were among them though]

[Of course, I have no intentions of handing such things over to Takumi-san…… I have no intention, but are you buying if they are precisely good for eating?]

[Yes]

[P, please! Of course, I will sell it cheaply!]

Oh, it seems he will sell it cheaply .

Well, if he didn’t sell it now, the people here would have to eat it themselves or they would have to dispose of it . If you are going to sell that, might as well reduce the price .

After that, he showed me[Koko Fruit]which was a light brown, hard fruit the size of a soccer ball .

There is apparently a whitish liquid similar to a milk inside . Therefore, I judged that that’s a coconut and the liquid inside is coconut milk .

But, from my memory, the liquid in the palm fruit is transparent--coconut juice and coconut milk is the result of manufacturing, but…… well, let’s agree that the thing itself is here .

The children seemed to like the Koko fruit, so I bought some .

I have also bought several dungeon-made products, it was quite a harvest .

[Come to think of it, are you registered in the Merchant’s Guild, Takumi-sama?]

[No, I’m not]

[Is that so? Then, may I ask you to register before long? It will still take some time until the curry spices will start selling, but we are going to pay Takumi-sama as soon as they sell]

That reminds me, Cedric-san told me to register in the Merchant’s Guild as well .

Once registered, you can receive money in every region of the country through the Merchant’s Guild . It’s like the bank thing in the Adventurer’s Guild .

In my case, the Merchant registration will be added to the Adventurer registration, and the accounts can be apparently merged .

[I understand . I will go and register after this]

[Thank you]

Just a registration will finish immediately, so let’s go and register before returning~




Chapter 91

When we returned to the Risner mansion after safely registering at the Merchant’s Guild, I went to the kitchen .

Although I provided him with alligator meat as a souvenir…… head chef Ryan-san requested to show him the cooking method as well .

Even though the reason was that Ryan-san has never prepared alligator meat before, I have also used it only two times in the dungeon, so there’s not much difference .

If I’m pushed to say, then he is much more interested in what dish I’m going to make rather than the alligator meat itself . He’s aspiring to become my apprentice after all .

Well, just pushing the ingredients on him “Here, goodbye” would be bad, so I agreed to make shares only for the Risner House’s family, Wald-sama and us including Ryan-san .

[Then Takumi-dono, if I may ask you]

[…… Yeah]

[[……]]

I decided to promptly start making the dish in the kitchen I have already used a few times .

[Allen, Elena . Shall we make it then?]

[[Make it~]]

[What is~?]

[First~?]

Allen and Elena were on my side standing on the stool we got just today, so they were full of enthusiasm to help .

It’s just there’s Ryan-san and another cook Thor-san peeking from behind them, so I’m a bit worried about that . Well, normal people would be bothered by someone standing behind them, so Allen and Elena who are sensitive to presences will be bothered by it even more .

But, it seems they understand that they mean no harm, so they are concentrating on helping me out .

Now then, what shall we make? N~ how about curry using the alligator meat? Wald-sama and Isaac-san haven’t eaten curry yet .

Ah~ but, the feeling of the alligator meat being the main point will disappear……

Let’s see~…… ah! Let’s smear the alligator meat in powder and drizzle it with a sweet vinegar sauce . Next, let’s mix mayonnaise with chopped boiled eggs and pickles to make tartar sauce, fried chicken with vinegar and tartar sauce-like style .

[Alright . We should make the tartar sauce first]

[[Tarutaru~?]]

[Ta, Takumi-sama, w, what kind of dish is that!?]

Ryan-san is more restless than the children……

[It’s a sauce . Allen, Elena, let’s make mayonnaise~]

[Allen will mix~]

[Elena will mix too~]

Recently, I’ve had the two children who got used to mixing with the whisk help me with making mayonnaise .

[Takumi-sama, is that Mizuuri?]

[Yes, I have pickled the Mizuuri]

[Mizuuri]is a vegetable resembling a cucumber . I have rubbed salt it in to take out the liquid and then left it immersed in vinegar and sugar mix .

[[Mi~x~, mi~x~]]

I chop the ingredients while pouring oil little by little in the bowl Allen and Elena are mixing in .

Boiled eggs and pickled Mizuuri, next is…… green onion and parsley?

[Onii~ chan]

[It’s done~]

[Un, good job!]

[[Yay~]]

Allen and Elena completed the mayonnaise without a hitch .

Inserting the chopped ingredients in the two’s piece of art mayonnaise, mixing it all together and the tartar sauce is finished!

[Alright, it’s done!]

[[Ohh~]]

[I see, adding ingredients to mayonnaise……]

Ryan-san was muttering behind us, but I ignored that and temporarily stored the tartar sauce in the《Infinite Storage》 .

Since we have the opportunity, how about making a dessert next? …… What to make? I might as well make something I haven’t made before, right~

Ice cream! Ah~ but, it seems it would cause a ruckus if I made an ice cream now…… let’s pass .

Ah, I thought of making small pancakes and putting anko between them to make dorayaki before, didn’t I? If it’s coarse anko, then it would be popular among the people of the Risner mansion .

Ah~ if it’s wagashi then youkan would be good too . That would be more dessert-like, right?

But, agar is necessary for youkan…… however, how do you make agar from seaweed? That would be impossible as expected . I should make it with slime jelly here . Rather than youkan, would it turn into mizu youkan? No, red bean jelly?

I have plenty time to spare, so let’s make dessert-like red bean jelly and dorayaki for snacks .

[[Next~?]]

[Let’s make snacks next . Allen, Elena, do you remember how to make pancakes?]

[[Remember~]]

[Alright! Then, can you do your best at mixing again?]

[[Will do~]]

That being the case, we promptly started making pancakes .

Allen and Elena perfectly remembered how pancakes are made, so there were no problems with the dough making . And then--

[[Jii~]]

When I heated up the frying pan and started cooking the pancake dough, Allen and Elena were closely gazing at the frying pan .

[It’s bubblybubbly~]

[Turn it around~]

[…… Kuku]

Allen and Elena properly memorized the timing for turn over .

When I turn it over according to the children, a beautiful, fox color appeared . It’s the color of a good cooking .

When I cooked pancakes before, they tried to pop the bubbles that appeared on the dough with their fingers, but they are properly enduring with their hands behind their backs this time .

[Look, it’s cooked~]

[[It’s done, it’s done~]]

[Not yet~]

[[Not yet~?]]

[That’s right . Next, we will put this bean jam between two pancakes]

By putting pre-made coarse anko between two sheets of pancake, the dorayaki is finished .

[It’s done this time]

[[Yay~]]

[Ta, Takumi-sama, this is, this is?]

[It’s called dorayaki]

[[Can eat~?]]

[M, may I try it as well?]

[I, I want to eat it too]

Following the children, Ryan-san and Thor-san asked for the snack .

[…… Can’t be helped~ It’s before dinner, so Allen and Elena can have only half each, okay?]

[[Un!]]

[[Thank you very much!]]

I made adzuki jelly while the others eat the snack and finally started cooking the alligator meat .

And, at the dinner--

[This is so tasty . The hell is this!]

[This is wonderful!]

[The meat itself is juicy, but the affinity of the mayonnaise mixed with the faintly sour sauce is……--]

Wald-sama, Isaac-san, and Cedric-san reported their impressions in turns .

It seems they like it . Rather, Cedric-san is commenting as food critic as usual .

[[It’s delish~]]

[Anything Takumi-san makes is delicious, isn’t it?]

[Yes, it’s very tasty]

The children seem to like it too . But--

[…… Chichiue is different from usual again~]

[Chichiue is recently like this quite a lot, isn’t he~]

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun were wryly smiling at their father’s transformation .




Chapter 92


Thinking of visiting the Mermaid Village--the Blue Waters Shrine before departing from Bailey in order to say farewell to Miko Himesama, I brought the kids to the sea . I made a promise to[Come play again]to Miko Himesama and I also thought of asking her to lend me a few more mermaid bracelets .

[Takumi-sama~! You came as promised~]

The fascinating intrusion checking barrier was spreading before us, but because I made sure it didn’t react to us, we went directly to the Blue Waters Shrine . Then, Miko Himesama, Mirena-san, and Gard-san immediately welcomed us .

[Hello, it’s been a while . Hey, Allen, Elena say hello]

[[Hello~]]

[Oh my, oh my, hello . Allen-sama and Elena-sama seem to be doing well]

[[Doing well~]]

It was only our second time meeting Miko Himesama and others, but Allen and Elena cheerfully greeted them .

Were they affected a bit by Theodore-kun and Latis-kun and got accustomed to people a bit more?

[Today, rather then coming to play, we came to say goodbye and…… to request something]

[Goodbye? A request, is it?]

[Yeah . We will be leaving the nearest town from here soon]

[Ehh!? W, why~!?]

When I reported that we will be leaving Bailey, Miko Himesama lost her composure and raised a surprised voice .

[Miko Himesama, your mask came off . Please, calm down]

[!! Wau~]

When Mirena-san soothed Miko Himesama, she tried to mend her manners in panic .

[I, I’m sorry, Takumi-sama]

[No, no, I’m sorry for surprising you]

[I just lost my composure, so don’t worry about it please . So, where is Takumi-sama heading to?]

[The capital of the country we are currently at]

[Is that so…… then, we won’t be able to meet again quite readily……]

Miko Himesama was clearly feeling dejected .

[Miko Himesama, if you get dejected in such easy to understand manner, Takumi-sama will get worried . And so, what is your request, Takumi-sama?]

Gard-san soothed Miko Himesama this time and I stated my other business .

[…… Umm, I was wondering if you could lend me some mermaid bracelets…… of course, I will pay the price]

[Oh my? Mermaid bracelets, is it? Takumi-sama is using it, right? Eh, was there perhaps a malfunction while using it!?]

[No, everything’s all right]

When I conveyed that I would like more bracelets, Miko Himesama got flustered, thinking that my bracelet broke down, so I immediately denied .

[R, really?]

[Yes . I have several contracted beasts, so those children’s share…… I really wanted to come here together with them, but…… well, it was impossible]

[So it’s like that . In that case, we will immediately prepared them . How many do you need?]

[Is that okay? If possible, I would like at least three]

[No problem! We will prepare a few including reserves . It’s fine right, Gard?]

[Yes, if it’s mermaid bracelets then they can be immediately prepared]

I’m glad~ It seems they will give them to me .

[Thank you very much]

[[Everyone’s share?]]

[That’s right . A share for Joule and everyone . Will Allen and Elena give thanks too?]

[[Un, thank you~]]

As they were told, Allen and Elena bobbed their heads and thanked Miko Himesama and others .

[And so for the compensation, money…… won’t be necessary, right? If you have something you need, I would like to prepare it, but……]

[To receive compensation from Takumi-sama! Something like that isn’t necessary]

[However…… that won’t leave me unsatisfied . If you have materials you need, if you are troubled about something…… is there something?]

As expected, I won’t be able to calm down without paying with something of equal value rather than just receiving if for free . However, it’s not like mermaids living in the sea are using money from the surface .

Mirena-san said that she likes gems, so I was considering whether gems would be all right, but I thought it would be better to confirm what they want, so I asked but…… is there not something, I wonder……

[--Ah!]

Oh my? It appears that Miko Himesama has come up with something .

[If there’s something then tell me without hesitating]

[Umm…… err, you see…… Gard~ What’s going on with that matter~?]

[That matter, you mean the crimson luminous moss, right? Unfortunately, it hasn’t been settled yet]

[Crimson luminous moss, is it?]

[Yes, actually…… crimson luminous moss is a faintly shining moss growing in the depths of the sea, but we could hardly harvest it recently]

Miko Himesama apologetically explained the situation .

Crimson luminous moss, huh…… erm, a moss growing in the depths of the sea…… ahh, materials for medicine?

N~…… how unfortunate . I don’t have any .

[I’m sorry, I don’t have any at hand…… will I be able to get it in the town? That or I should search the bottom of the sea……]

[No! Umm! We, we know the place where it grows! That place has a considerable amount of growing moss, but a strong monster lives at that place, so……]

I see, it’s a place where moss grows en masse and a monster that the mermaids can’t deal with lives there, huh . If that’s the case, it would be faster than looking for it around the sea or in the town .

[You know something about that monster, right?]

[Yes . It’s Bone Shark]

Bone Shark--a shark of bones, huh…… it’s a B-rank monster .

It’s a sea monster, but it’s also an undead .

[Your troubles will go away if that Bone Shark is defeated, right? In that case, I will deal with it for you]

[…… Uu~ Even though we said that there’s no need for compensation, to request you with such thing……]

[That way is better for me . So, may I ask you to guide me to the Bone Shark’s place?]

[Is that really fine with you? It’s a considerably strong monster, you know?]

[Well, I will somehow manage]

I’m concerned about the underwater battle, but light magic will be effective and if something unexpected happens, it’s an opponent I will manage to deal with my own strength .

[[Will do my best~!]]

[Eh? Allen-sama and Elena-sama are going as well!?]

They must have understood monster subjugation from the flow of conversation . Allen and Elena raised their voices in high spirits and Miko Himesama got startled by that .

Well, I was certain the children would want to go with me though……

[Ah~…… Allen, Elena . Leave it to me today, okay?]

[[……]]

It’s a bit unacceptable for the children to have a higher level than me, so I would like them to let me level up here . Therefore, when I asked the two, they were troubled .

[Okay?]

[[…………Uniyu~]]

When I asked once more, the two reluctantly accepted .

[But, you are bringing them with you, right!? Isn’t it dangerous!?]

[Fufu . Allen-sama’s and Elena-sama’s swimming is so skillful that even I was startled, so they won’t become a burden . Besides, they know how to fight]

[They have a talent for magic after all . They won’t have problems defending themselves]

[Ehh!? Is that so!? Eh? It was only me who didn’t know!?]

Mirena-san who saw Allen and Elena swimming and Gard-san who instructed them in magic were watching with consent, so Miko Himesama called out in surprise again .

I wonder how many times we made her surprised in this short time~ Somehow…… I’m sorry .




Chapter 93

Mirena-san took over the role to guide me to the place where the crimson luminous moss grows .

There are three other mermen youth accompanying us . The youths are dressed as soldiers and they are apparently the strongest people in the Blue Waters Shrine . Most likely feeling bad for leaving the Bone Shark to me alone, Miko Himesama must have let them follow us as a battle force .

Well, I would be fine even if they weren’t here, but I should just think of them as Mirena-san’s guards .

[[Yaa!]]

When Sand Crabs monsters appeared along the way, Allen and Elena swam and thrust towards them with a great vigor, instantly defeating them .

[[[……]]]

The three youths were dumbfounded by Allen’s and Elena’s fighting style .

[Strong, aren’t they? But, you guys are accompanying us as a battle force, so please be careful of your surroundings so you don’t lag behind the two]

Mirena-san lit the fire of the three youths .

But, I think it would be quite difficult to act faster than Allen and Elena . There are times when my response time is slower than theirs after all……

[Takumi-sama, we are close]

[[Ah! It came~!]]

When we were about to arrive, the Bone Shark appeared from the front accompanied by loud noises .

[Mirena-san]

[Yes!]

[Is there no mistake that the crimson luminous moss place is in the direction the Bone Shark came from?]

[Yes, that’s correct!]

[Then, I will attract the Bone Shark and pull it away from this place, so Mirena-san and others take cover for a moment and go to the place once it seems all right]

Even if unlikely, I don’t want to waste the crimson luminous moss place . If I’m to fight, I would rather do it somewhere further away .

[Then, take these guys with you……]

[No, it’s better for them to stay close to Mirena-san . We can’t be sure there are no other tough monsters after all]

[Yes! But still!]

[It will be fine . --《Water Spear》]

I attacked the Bone Shark with magic in order to provoke it .

[Allen, Elena, let’s go~]

[[Yess~]]

[Ta, Takumi-sama~]

Mirena-san spoke in a voice that was about to cry, but I started swimming without minding it .

I saw the Bone Shark chasing after us while making rattling noises . The provocation went smoothly .

[--Oops]

I dodge the chasing Bone Shark who tried to ram me from behind . It’s fast as expected . I’m unlikely to win against the Bone Shark in swimming .

[《Water Wall》]

The Bone Shark turned around and charged towards us again, so I created a wall of water and blocked it from reaching us .

Now then, what to do? Come to think of it, what will happen if I use healing magic on an undead?

I’m bit curious…… let’s give it a try .

[《Heal》]

I tried using healing magic on the Bone Shark .

Then, the Bone Shark started violently struggling .

Un, it received damage . This seems to be effective . If that’s the case--

[《Overheal》]

《Overheal》is magic that recovers more than the received damage--so to speak, it’s excessive recovery magic .

When I fired that magic, a white light sprang forth with me in the center . It wasn’t an intense eye-straining light, but a warm and comfortable one . Nothing in particular happened to us, but the bones of the Bone Shark who was covered by that light broke, not able to keep the form of shark anymore .

[[Ohh~]]

[…… Huh? It worked better than I expected]

[[Onii~ chan, amazing!]]

Allen and Elena praise me without holding back .

Light magic seems to be more effective against undead more than I thought . Rather, it works too much . Despite being a B-rank monster, it has been simply disposed of .

The scattered bones of the Bone Shark slowly descent to the bottom of the sea .

[Allen, Elena . Will you help me collecting the bones?]

[[Un!]]

The bones of Bone Shark are materials for hard weapons, so I had Allen and Elena help me pick them up .

[Mirena-san]

[[We are back~]]

[Ta, Takumi-sama! Allen-sama and Elena-sama too! I’m glad you are safe! D, do you have any injuries!?]

[We are fine . Both I and the children are unhurt]

[[Is fine~]]

[I’m glad~]

Mirena-san made an expression of relief . Looks like we made her worried .

[So, the Bone Shark is……]

[It’s okay . I have defeated it]

[[Defeated it~]]

[Really!? Thank you very much!]

[Ohh~]the three mermen youths raised their voices in admiration .

But, if you look at me with such eyes of pure respect…… it’s not like I obtained the【Light Magic】on my own, so I feel extremely guilty .

[Ah~…… we have collected the materials as well, so I will hand it to you later if you need it . So, is that the crimson luminous moss sticking on that rock?]

[Yes, that’s right]

I would love to excuse myself from such atmosphere, so I decided to plainly change the subject .

The fairly large rock was sunk at the bottom of the sea and it was shining red, so I was quite curious .

[It’s pretty, isn’t it?]

[Shiny~]

[Pretty~]

Allen and Elena were entranced by the crimson luminous moss .

Ah, which reminds me, crimson luminous moss is a material I don’t have .

[Mirena-san, may I pick a little as well?]

[Of course]

When I asked whether I can collect some for myself, Mirena-san pleasantly approved, so I picked some moss, checked the surroundings for monsters one more time, and we returned to the Blue Waters Shrine .

When we returned, we were immediately guided to Miko Himesama .

[Ta, Takumi-samaa~! Welcome back~!]

[We have returned . The Bone Shark has been safely eliminated]

[Is that the truth! Thank you very much]

When I reported that the Bone Shark has been eliminated, Miko Himesama was clearly delighted .

[Takumi-sama, these are the things we promised . Please, store them]

[Eh!?]

Gard-san gave his thanks too and handed over the mermaid bracelets, but…… there were about ten . I’m certain I asked for three, but to prepare this much……

[Is this many really fine?]

[Yes, of course it is . It’s just this is all we currently have, so I would have to ask you to wait if this much is not enough]

That means these are all bracelets in their storage, right? In addition, they will make more if it’s not enough, right? It looks like they will prepare even an unreasonable number if I demand it, oy .

But, I can’t imagine underwater activity with more bracelets than this!

[N, no! This is enough . Thank you very much]

[Is that so?]

[Yes!]

Moreover, when politely declined, Gard-san looked disappointed for some reason .

Ah, even Miko Himesama and Mirena-san are making the same expression as Gard-san…… I wonder what is it that they want from me?

Well, after ignoring the three making disappointed expressions, we chatted with everyone and we decided to return to the town before it gets dark .

[Takumi-sama . You must definitely come to visit if you are nearby again, okay?]

[Yes . I won’t say it will be soon, but we will come again]

[Allen-sama, Elena-sama too, let’s meet again, okay?]

[[Un! Bye bye~]]

On the way back, I used【Telepathy】to say farewell to Kaiser too . Then, Kaiser immediately replied, he currently seems to be somewhere in the open ocean far away .

We unfortunately couldn’t meet, so when I reported through the【Telepathy】that we are leaving the town, he told me to call him immediately if something happens . With a grateful reply, we swam towards the beach .




Chapter 94

Once our preparations for travel were done, we have said farewell to everyone in the Risner House we have stayed in for such a long time . Theodore-kun and Latis-kun were looking sad, but after promising them to write letters, we have moved together with Wald-sama and Isaac-san outside the town .

Other than Wald-sama and Isaac-san, Oswald-san and Mars-kun are accompanying us to the royal capital . Oswald-san is a taciturn man in his thirties and Mars-kun is a friendly, nineteen years old youth .

These two apparently came along with Wald-sama and Isaac-san from Shirin because their duties have been transferred to the capital as well .

[Don’t approach the feet of the horses because it’s dangerous! Do you understand?]

[Kyan《Got it~》]

[Naa~《We will be fine~》]

[Pii]

[Garu]

On this travel, Joule and others are acting together with us, so I called everyone once we left the town . Of course, the three that I made everyone think they are children are in their small forms .

Then, after cautioning everyone, they all returned a proper reply . Whether it was to deceive our fellow travel companions, Joule and Feat who can use【Telepathy】let out proper animal cries .

And then, when the preparations were done and we were about to depart, a problem has occurred .

[Ride with Onii~ chan~]

[Elena too~]

[……]

Either Allen or Elena will ride the horse I ride, but…… we haven’t decided who is going to ride first .

There was no problem riding with one at a time during the practice .

I had them ride with Isaac-san for trial, but there also wasn’t a problem .

However, it was done when they were separated both times, so there was no need to split them between Isaac-san and me .

[Since you will switch midway, how about one of you rides with Isaac-san now?]

[[No~]]

[……]

Ah~ this is no good . It feels like the two’s opinion won’t bend no matter what .

…… Now then, what should I do~

[Let’s see~ Takumi-san, get on the horse first for now]

[Eh? Ah, yes]

While troubled over what to do, Isaac-san told me to mount the horse, so I got on the horse as told . Then, Isaac-san lifted up Elena and placed her on the horse in front of me .

Next, he lifted Allen and placed him behind me .

[Allen-kun, please tightly hold on Takumi-san’s neck and shoulders]

[Un!]

[Ehh!?]

Isaac-san let Allen stand on the horse’s butt, he’s holding me as if I was piggybacking him .

This is…… surely not, right~……

[…… Isaac-san, moving like this is not good, is it?]

[They will not fall if it’s Allen-kun or Elena-san . Just in case, let’s tie the child behind you to you]

Seriously!? Am I really let the horse gallop when he’s in such posture?

Hey, Isaac-san promptly took out a rope or rather a belt, and tied Allen to me .

[Hey! Isaac-san, what’s the matter with that belt!?]

[I thought it might be necessary, so I prepared it just in case]

Uwa…… what a high-quality preparation……

Allen happily clung to my neck, peeping to the front with his knees dangling in the air while Elena was looking forward to the change of turns .

《Oh~ that looks quite fun, doesn’t it?》

《Fufufu . He seems happy~》

Joule and Feat were looking at us as if seeing something heartwarming .

It appears that there’s no person who is going to tsukkomi here .

[Alright, seems like we are ready . Then, let’s depart~]

[[Departu~re!]]

[……]

Allen and Elena thrust their fists upwards in response to Wald-sama’s words .

I lightly sighed and instructed the horse . The uncomfortableness was terrible when the horse started moving, but it disappeared after running for a while . Rather, I got used to it instantly?

[[Coming~]]

A little while after leaving the town, Allen and Elena suddenly called out .

[Really!? Oswald, Mars . Can you confirm the monsters?]

[There are! Three wolves at the front!]

Wald-sama could guess what the children’s short comment meant and immediately instructed his subordinates . Then, before long, wolves appeared in front of us .

Allen and Elena were with me on the horseback, so they were fidgety because they couldn’t jump down and defeat the wolves .

[Wolves, huh . Do we keep going? Or do we get down from the horses?]

[We don’t have to get down from the horses . Bolt, can I ask you to take care of it?]

[Pyuruu~]

Isaac-san was asking Wald-sama for instructions, but I interrupted their exchange and asked Bolt to take care of the wolves .

Then, Bolt let out a cry of acknowledgment and flew towards the wolves .

[Pyui~]

[[[Gyaun!]]]

Bolt fired lightning from the skies at the wolves . The wolves were defeated in no time . Then, he took one of the wolves by its leg and brought it to me who was on the horseback .

[Pyuru]

[Thank you, Bolt]

After I put the corpse of the wolf into the《Infinite Storage》, Bolt flew to get the other wolves .

[Takumi really doesn’t have any limits…… are you not even going to stop to process the corpses?]

[Well, it’s Takumi-san after all . It helps that there’s no blood flowing because this is the main road though]

[Even though they weren’t monsters that strong, to defeat them in one strike……]

[As expected of a Thunderhawk!]

[Hahaha~]

I heard both exhausted and admiration voices from Wald-sama and others .

It was because of Bolt who was carrying the defeated wolves, but they were electrocuted this time . They seem astonished that there was no blood flowing .

That’s because there’s a possibility of others monsters being attracted by the blood flow . But you see~ Allen and Elena defeat most monsters by impact, Joule and others also ram their opponents most of the time, so flowing blood is rare itself in our case~

[Pyuru?]

[It’s nothing . Thanks for your hard work]

[[Hard work~]]

[Pyuru!]

Bolt stayed on my arm after bringing me the three corpses and was tilting head in[What’s the matter?]manner, so I patted Bolt’s head in thanks .

[Wald-sama, shall we go?]

[Ou, let’s go]

We let the horses run again, stopped along the way for a break and arrived at a small village in the evening . We will be staying here today .




Chapter 95

Majesta

[Takumi, we will take a break there]

[Okay, I understand]

The second day after leaving Bailey . We have been riding the horses since the morning today as well, it’s almost time for the lunch .

The place Wald-sama designated as our resting place was an empty open plain with a large tree growing in the center .

[That’s a big tree, isn’t it~]

[That’s a Majesta tree . Oh my, how rare . It’s bearing fruit]

Majesta tree is considerably thick, large tree with thick green leaves bearing many yellow fruits . Erm--Yeah~ Majesta tree’s fruit season is irregular, so the times the fruit grows seems to be unpredictable .

While looking up at the Majesta tree, I fumbled about the imprinted knowledge and knowledge related to that .

[[Is delish~?]]

[It seems to be tasty]

In fact, Majesta seems to be very delicious . However, it’s a very rare fruit .

Since the fruit grows irregularly then it’s only given that it’s rare, but to happen to pass by just as the fruit is ripe…… what a terrifying coincidence .

Seeing rare fruit makes me want to try eating it in a mountain of ways, but the bark of Majesta tree is hard and slippery, the whole trunk is covered in branches and bumps, so it would be difficult to collect the fruit which grows at the top .

It might be possible to collect them if we had a long ladder prepared, but Majesta apparently bears fruit just for half a day then it rots and falls . That’s why there’s no opportunity to return to the town as it’s necessary to gather the fruit immediately after seeing it or you will lose the chance to gather them .

Moreover, while the fruit is quick to rot on the tree, it’s a mysterious fruit that is storable for a very long time after it’s harvested .

[Piii~]

[N? --Oopsy]

When I looked up after hearing Bolt’s cry, Bolt who flew over at the top of the tree poked a branch with a fruit and dropped it down . It was a fruit that was slightly larger than my fist .

[Thank you, Bolt]

[Pii]

Bolt continued and dropped a few more fruits .

[Here, Bolt got it for you]

[[Muu~]]

[N? What’s the matter, Allen, Elena?]

When I handed over the Majesta fruit to Allen and Elena who were greatly interested in it, they were sulking for some reason .

[Allen will get it~]

[Elena will too~]

[Eh? I understand your feelings of wanting to get it, but you can’t reach it, right?]

Allen and Elena said that they want to get it themselves . But, Majesta fruit is at the very top . Bolt was able to get the fruit because of flying .

Because of the unevenness and branches that are in the way of climbing, even Allen and Elena wouldn’t be able to climb this tree .

[[Make us po~n]]

[Po~n?]

[[Un!]]

Po~n, huh…… hey!

[Eh!? Do you perhaps mean to throw you up!?]

[[Un!]]

Shockingly, Allen and Elena demand me to throw them up into the thick leaves and branches . As expected, throwing you two is impossible--…… it actually isn’t . I can do it, surely .

Certainly, using this method they would arrive at the top without the struggle of climbing . But, however--

[No, no! Even the branches at the top seem to be slippery, so it’s dangerous, you know? Bolt will get the fruit for us, so there’s no need to recklessly pick them yourself, okay?]

[[Will go~]]

[……]

The two seem to be determined . Rather, there’s not much I can say once the two speak up .

Not being able to help it, I decided to let the two do as they want and ready myself under the tree in case they fall .

[Let’s start with Allen]

[Un!]

[Oy, Takumi . What are you planning to do!?]

[Ah, Wald-sama . The two are saying they want to pick the Majesta fruit, so……--up you go]

I lifted Allen and vigorously flung him up .

The flung Allen skillfully grasped a branch and landed without a difficulty .

[Are you okay~?]

[Okay~]

When I called him, he returned a lively reply .

[Elena too~]

[Yes, yes . It’s Elena’s turn next]

[Un!]

[Up you go!]

Next, I lifted the urging Elena and flung her up just like Allen .

Elena skillfully grasped a branch too and made a landing on top of it .

[You two, be careful not to fall down, okay~]

[[Yess~]]

While cautioning them not to fall, Allen and Elena replied while jumping from one branch to another and started picking up the Majesta fruit .

[What an outside the norm thing……]

[Well~ The two are the type who won’t listen once they decide on something……--oh]

As soon as my hands were empty, Bolt dropped a fruit .

[Joule, Feat, Vector . I will give you baskets, so help me collecting the fruit, okay~]

[Kyan]

[Nnaa~]

[Garu]

Feat grabbed the basket in her mouth, flew up and started receiving the fruit from Allen and Elena directly . Joule and Vector started skillfully catching the fruit Bolt dropped into their baskets .

The harvesting continued for a while and the Majesta fruit in sight has nearly disappeared .

[[Onii~ chan!]]

[Are you done? Then, descend one by one . Let’s start with Allen, okay?]

[Un]

Saying such, Allen jumped down from the branch without a hesitation .

I toned down the force of Allen’s falling by a little with wind magic and caught him .

[Welcome back]

[I’m back~]

I lower Allen whom I safely caught on the ground and prompt Elena to jump next .

[Elena, you can go~]

[Un]

Elena jumped down without any hesitation as well .

I toned down the force of Elena’s fall just like with Allen and caught her .

[Welcome back]

[I’m here~]

When I lowered Elena on the ground, the two started taking out the Majesta fruit from the magic pouches on their waists .

[[Got many~]]

[Wai, wait a moment……--you two, put it in here]

It seems they harvested fruit besides the fruit they gave to Feat .

Panicking, I retrieved a new basket from the《Inifnite Storage》and told the two to place the fruit in it . Allen and Elena started taking out the fruit one by one and filling up the basket .

[Wow~ you two worked hard~]

The Majesta fruit piled up in the basket in no time .

Adding everything up, we got quite a lot . It’s a considerably large tree, so it seems to bear a lot of fruit .

[Why don’t we try eating it?]

[[Un!]]

Majesta fruit is delicious on its own, so I decided to try a taste .

After I used《Washing》on the fruits and handed them to Allen and Elena, the two turned towards the four knights which accompanied us .

[[Here!]]

Saying such, they held out the fruits in their hands .

[You will give us too?]

[[Un!]]

[Thank you very much]

Isaac-san dropped to his knees to match Allen’s and Elena’s line of sight and received the Majesta fruit from the two with a smile . Following after him, Wald-sama, Oswald-san, and Mars-kun received the fruit as well .

[Takumi, is that really fine? You can make quite a lot by selling this fruit, ya know?]

[I don’t mind . Even if you say quite a lot…… we have this much, after all~]

[……]

Although Wald-sama and others received the Majesta fruit, they seemed to be hesitant . Mars-kun was so nervous I found him pitiable .

However, when I pointed at the baskets full of the fruit we harvested, everyone made shocked expressions .

[Here, it’s everyone’s share~]

[[Yess~]]

[Kyan《Yaa~y》]

[Nnaa~《Niisama, thank you》]

[Pii]

[Garu~]

I handed the Majesta fruit to Allen, Elena, Joule, and others who tried it immediately .

[[It’s delish~]]

[Un, it’s tasty . Allen, Elena, thank you for getting them for us]

[[Ehehe~]]

[Bolt too, thank you]

[Pyururu~]

Actually, the Majesta fruit was juicy and crunchy similarly to a Japanese pear, it’s a delicious and quite sweet fruit . All of the children seem to like it .

Wald-sama and others also started eating and they were quite impressed .

[[Will go one more time~]]

When we finished eating, Allen and Elena said that they wanted to go up one more time . But--

[No, no, didn’t you guys take as much as you could?]

[[There’s many, you know~?]]

[Eh!?]

When I looked up where Allen and Elena were pointing, a ridiculous spectacle entered my sight .

[Eh! How!?]

The Majesta fruit that was supposed to be harvested was there once again . Mysterious vegetation is really full of mysteries……




Chapter 96

[[Ah]]

[N? What’s the matter?]

[[It became red~]]

[Eh……?]

When Allen and Elena safely returned to the ground from harvesting Majesta fruit once again, they pointed above again for some reason . When I looked up wondering whether the fruit regrew again, the leaves changed from green and became bright red in an instant .

[[Ama~zing]]

[This is……]

To change into autumn colors in an instant…… Majesta tree really is a mysterious tree .

[!! Allen-kun, Elena-san! I’m sorry, but could you please go up again and get us some of the red leaves?]

[[U?]]

Isaac-san requested Allen and Elena to collect the leaves .

Majesta’s red leaves, huh…… ahh! Green leaves are simply leaves, but red leaves are usable for medicine . These red leaves are irregular as well, it’s said they appear once in several years . Moreover, they return back to green in a few hours .

[[Ah!]]

While in the middle of looking up the knowledge about Majesta, Oswald-san and Mars-kun called out too .

[I would like to ask you as well! Please collect the leaves!]

[It’s fine if you just drop them! We will pick them up!]

They started entreating the children in a very desperate way .

Err, what are Majesta leaves used for again……--Ah! It’s a medicine for athlete’s foot!

The Iwamizu Moss we came across in the Gaya Forest was also a herb used for athlete’s foot, but that was just a material used to suppress the itch . However, Majesta leaves are used to completely cure the athlete’s foot .

[Allen, Elena . Those red leaves are used for medicine]

[[Herb~?]]

[That’s correct, they are herbs . Could you get them please?]

[[Alright~]]

Getting the two’s approval, I flung them to the top of the tree again .

[Feat and Bolt too, could you help dropping the leaves?]

[Naa~《Un, okay~》]

[Piii]

When I asked Feat and Bolt to help dropping the leaves, the two animal immediately flew up .

[Those two will drop the leaves, may I ask you to collect them?]

[Yes! Thank you very much, Takumi-dono!]

[Thank you very much!]

They thanked me in great spirits .

[…… No, yeah, don’t mind it . Nevertheless, Oswald-san and Mars-kun seem to know what those leaves are used for, right?]

It’s no wonder that the extensively knowledgeable Isaac-san knows, but I found it curious that Oswald-san and Mars-kun knew it as well .

[Well of course! It’s a material I desire, so I memorized it!]

[I gave up because it’s a material that can’t be obtained easily, but I can have a hope with this!]

[…………]

Ah…… the two are also humans troubled by the itch, huh…… well, it can’t be helped when walking in stuffy boots with poor breathability for long periods of time . Can’t be helped .

That being the case, since they know the herb, if we collect as many leaves as possible, we may help a lot of troubled people .

[W, what?]

Only Wald-sama wasn’t able to get the situation .

[Wald-sama, those leaves are used for a medicine that completely cures skin itch]

[Wha, whaaatーーー!!]

Wald-sama screamed after hearing Isaac-san’s words and joined Oswald-san and Mars-kun who were already hurriedly picking up the leaves .

Wald-sama and others collected the leaves in great vigor and collected quite a lot of leaves . Well, Isaac-san was going at his own pace .

[Everyone~ it’s enough~]

[[Finished~?]]

[Nnaa~?《Is it enough?》]

[We have secured a plenty of leaves . Allen, Elena, Feat, Bolt, thank you]

I help Allen and Elena down from the tree and thank Feat and Bolt for their work as well .

[Pyui!《Aniue~!》]

[N?]

At that time, an unfamiliar voice resounded in my head . But, I heard it overlapping with Bolt’s voice, so……

《…… Is this perhaps Bolt’s voice?》

[Pyurururu!《Yes, Aniue! I have learned telepathy~》]

《Oh, congratulations! I see, Bolt has learned telepathy…… erm, you are a male, right?》

I dared to confirm Bolt’s gender which I wasn’t clear about .

Unlike mammals, I couldn’t judge the gender of Bolt who is a bird from his appearances . This voice I’m hearing through the telepathy would be boyish if I had to choose? Is what I think, but the voice sounds younger than Joule’s, so I can’t be certain .

《Yes, I’m a male》

《I see……》

…… I’m glad . Because the name[Bolt]seems to be more suitable for a male, I feel relieved that he’s male .

《Aniue . I really like the name Bolt》

Bolt said so as if seeing through me . But, it makes me really happy that he likes his name .

[[Bolt, you did it~]]

《Ohh~ Bolt has learned telepathy too~》

《Yes》

《That leaves just Vector》

[…… Garu~]

It might have been just my imagination, but Vector seemed a bit down . Well, Vector is the only one who can’t use telepathy yet . He might be feeling left out .

[Garu-!!]

[Eh! Oy, Vector, where are you going?]

But, Vector ran off somewhere all of sudden afterward .

《I’m going to defeat monsters and learn telepathy, he said~》

[Eh?]

It seems he left a verbal message behind which Joule conveyed to me .

《But, but~ it’s not like he will learn the skill by leveling up, right~?》

《That’s right . Rather than that, he would have a better chance to learn it by conversing with us through telepathy》

《It seems he didn’t like being left out~》

Un, of course . I won’t say it’s unrelated, but it’s not like he will learn the skill by increasing his level .

[Feat, I’m sorry but could you please go after him?]

《Un, alright~》

Contracted beasts are connected by magical power so they won’t get lost, but Vector is a worrisome child, so I had the most caring Feat to supervise him .

《Ah, Niisama~ May I borrow a magic bag? I would like to collect the materials if they don’t turn into cinders~》

[…… Ah, yeah, here you go]

Handing a magic bag to Feat, she ran after Vector .

Rather cinders, huh…… that’s very likely . Let’s pray he won’t burn the surroundings down .

Wald-sama and others were wondering where the two animals ran off to, but after I told them not to worry about, we decided to end the break earlier and continue advancing .




Chapter 97

A few hours later, Feat and Vector returned .

《《We are back~》》

Together with Feat’s voice, I heard a mischevious boyish voice . Apparently, Vector has safely learned the【Telepathy】skill . Whether he learned it by defeating monsters or thanks to Feat using【Telepathy】and cooperating with him, that I don’t know .

[Seems like you safely learned it]

《Un! I learned it~》

[Thank you, Feat]

《It’s fine~ Ah, these are monster materials . As I thought, he was turning them to cinders at first, so I couldn’t get too much though》

Ehh!? He really turned them to cinders!

[W, was there no damage to the surroundings?]

《There was a time a place nearly got burnt, but nothing that would become a problem happened, so it’s fine》

[I, I see]

Well, a bit burnt is toleratable .

Pulling myself together, it was already time, so we decided to move to the next camping place .

And, since I was entrusted with the meals everywhere that is not an inn, I immediately started the preparations .

[Allen, Elena . What do you want to eat?]

[[N, you see~……-- Curry rice!]]

Oh! It’s time for curry rice!

Come to think of it, Wald-sama and others have eaten dishes with curry spice before, but they haven’t eaten curry yet, right? In that case, I think it should be fine for curry to become today’s main dish on the menu, but…… what to do about rice?

N~ I shouldn’t worry too much about it and ask directly .

[Excuse me . Does anyone feel repulsive about eating White Wheat?]

[White Wheat you say, that White Wheat? That thing is hard to eat, isn’t it?]

Wald-sama reacted to my question first .

[It can immensely soften after cooked . We ate it a lot in my hometown instead of bread]

[Is that so? Any of Takumi’s dishes are delicious . I don’t mind]

[That’s right . I have no objections as well]

[Me too]

[I’m also good . Captain has been always boasting how delicious Takumi-san’s dishes are, so I’m looking forward to it!]

I unexpectedly smoothly got everyone’s approval .

White Wheat might not have the image of being animal feed, but it might have hard to eat image instead .

[Thank you very much . I will make it immediately . -- Allen, Elena, let’s do it~]

[[Yess~]]

I think of asking the two to help me make ice cream for after the meal dessert . It’s the perfect time for a dessert because it’s still hot .

I mix sugar with eggs and add the thick milk--a fresh cream like thing we have recently discovered . This is where I would like to put vanilla beans . I still don’t have them, so maybe next time . I think of going with a simple ice cream .

No, egg ice cream? Well, either is fine .

Then, the mixture is heated for a moment . It can be done without the heating, but food poisoning is scary . Safety first! I cool it after heating and split that liquid into three parts .

If I can make this skillfully, I would like to challenge various flavored ice creams . What I could do now is a strawberry-like flavor from[Iichi Fruit], caramel, Kahee, and black tea . I could also put nuts in . Rum raisins may work too, but…… I don’t have rum after all . How are brandy raisins, I wonder? I have a stock, should I give it a try? Among others, I could also do mint flavor and roasted soybeans flavor? It’s too bad that I don’t have the royal road of flavors, chocolate, but it seems that I will be able to make a decent one out of certain materials .

[Allen, Elena, could you stir this for me please?]

[[Yes~]]

I freeze one part instantly with《Freeze》magic and put it in the《Infinite Storage》 . I freeze another part and have Allen and Elena stir it and slowly repeat the process a few times .

[You guys roll the ice so it won’t break, okay~]

《《《《Yes~》》》》

Then, I put the last part in a container and seal it . I requested Joule to make an ice ball with the container in the center and have them roll it .

If I’m correct, the hardness or rather the texture of the ice cream should be different .

The children gave me a cheerful reply and everyone started their respective work, but the work of Joule and others feels like a game, so Allen and Elena were a bit interested at first, but they immediately started focusing on their own work .

While the children are working, I start making the curry rice .

First, I prepare the White Wheat in a large quantity . I think it would be necessary to make a good amount for the four knights, so I have to cook it several times . It doesn’t take too much time to cook, so I will manage .

As for the curry…… shall I make the alligator curry I made before? I retrieve the ingredients from the《Infinite Storage》and continue working .

[Oh, looks good!]

[[Done~?]]

[Un, you did well . Thank you]

Just as I was cooking the veggies, the ice cream was completed .

[Here, taste it]

[[Ahh~……-- Nniyu~]]

When I spoon the ice cream Allen and Elena made and bring it in their mouths, the two held down their cheeks and showed the faces of satisfaction .

Before I noticed, Joule and others gathered too, so I gave everyone a mouthful .

[How is it?]

[[Delish~! More~!]]

It appears that Allen and Elena like the ice cream quite a lot . Their[More, more]requesting voices were something .

[N~ then, I will give you a mouthful of each type . The rest is after the meal]

[[《《《《Un!》》》》]]

I decided that we might as well taste and compare the ice cream Joule and others rolled around and the one I stored the moment I froze it .

Judging from the results, each came out deliciously, and if I had to choose, then the one Allen and Elena stirred came out the smoothest . Well, I think there’s only a slight difference though .

N~ there should also be the method of whipping the fresh cream and mixing ingredients in . Would it come out smoother that way?

But you see~ the best method is the laborless freezing method . It’s a simple method so Allen and Elena would have an easier time, and above all, it would be easier to make various kinds .

Ah, there’s also the hand of making a magic tool that would easily whip the fresh cream . Let’s try asking in a magic tool shop in the capital .

[Then, the tasting is over . Let’s make the curry~]

[[《《《《Yesss~》》》》]]

Finishing the ice cream tasting, I resume cooking of curry .

[Looks delicious]

[It smells really nice~]

[It has an appetite stimulating fragrance, isn’t it?]

[This scent makes me feel even hungrieer~]

When I got to the stage of adding the spices and cooking it together, the knights who were waiting and preparing the camp in the distance impatiently approached . As I thought, the curry’s fragrance is the best, it’s a “human pampering . ”

I let it mature with magic this time as well, and it’s complete!

[It’s done, so let’s have a meal]

When I said such, I was waiting for this, everyone was making such expression .

[Tasty~!]

[This is the White Wheat, huh . So it could become this soft]

[Also, this is quite filling, isn’t it?]

[It’s very delicious!]

The children are also eating deliciously, but the reaction of the knights was far greater .

Nevertheless, the reaction after eating the White Wheat was superb . The reaction of Vivian whom I let it eat before was also good, so the tongues of the people of Aetherdia might be close to Japanese people’s as I thought .

[[Onii~ chan, ice~]]

After finished eating the meal, Allen and Elena urged for the dessert ice cream .

Not only that, the two were also “quickly, quickly” repeating while pulling on my clothes . Joule and others were also rubbing against my body as if trying to press me .

[Alright, I got it]

I retrieved ice cream from the《Infinite Storage》, served it in bowls and handed it to the children . Of course, I have it to Wald-sama and others as well .

[[Yum-yum~]]

[Kyau~《This is really delicious after all~》]

[Unaa~《It’s delicious》]

[Pyuru~《Delicious》]

[Garu~《Yummy~》]

As expected, the children seemed to considerably like the ice cream and everyone ate it deliciously .

And, as for Wald-sama and others--

[[[[……]]]]

They were silently indulging themselves . Well, there’s no doubt that they like it .




Chapter 98

We have arrived at Alveil, a town between Bailey and the Capital . Tonight, we will spend the night here .

[This is also quite a large town, isn’t it?]

[[Big~ isn’t it~]]

Joule and others returned into my shadow when we entered the town, and we advanced on the main street to find the inn we will be staying at first .

[The inn is over there]

What Wald-sama pointed at was an inn called[Red Piglet’s] . It seems to be quite a high-class inn . There were inns along the way too, but the lodging fees are apparently on the country’s expenses . As far as it goes, we seem to be treated as the king’s guests of honor .

After checking in, we had a free time until the dinner, so I decided to walk around the town with Allen and Elena .

[[Where to~]]

[Shall we go shopping?]

[[Shopping~?]]

[Yeah . Tell me if there’s something you guys want, okay?]

[[Un]]

Alveil seems to have rich production, so I hope to find something new~

[First of all, shall we buy nuts to put into the ice cream~?]

[[Aisu~]]

[Many nuts~!]

[Make lots~!]

When I conveyed that I wanted to purchase nuts and included their utilization, the two were clearly pleased .

[You want to buy them that much?]

[[Ma~ny!]]

After that, the two walked all the way to the shop while singing[Nuts~ nuts~♪]in a good humor .

[Welcome]

[Hello~ I would like to buy nuts, could you show me what you have?]

When we entered the shop, a shopkeeper-ish middle-aged uncle smilingly called out to us, so I immediately asked him to show me the goods .

[Nuts? In that case, we have Kotou nuts, Aman, Maro nuts…… and Kashu]

Umm…… walnuts and almonds . Oh, Maro is similar to Japanese chestnut . That one is Cashew nuts .

I thought I would be lucky if they had one thing I didn’t have, but they have two, Japanese chestnut and Cashew . This is an instant buy .

[I would like each kind, but give me somewhat larger quantity of Maro and Kashu please]

[[Ma~ny!]]

[Thank you for your patronage~]

When I conveyed that I want to buy, Allen and Elena emphasized my “somewhat larger quantity . ”

[Alright, how about this much?]

[[More~]]

The shop’s uncle filled a paper bag with nuts and when he looked at us to confirm the quantity, Allen and Elena said in discontent .

[More, you say?]

[[More!]]

[More, huh? Niisan, is that fine?]

[Yes, it’s fine . Put in a little bit more please]

A considerable amount of nuts was already stuffed in the paper bag, so the shop’s uncle was worried whether we could eat all that, or maybe if we have enough money, but the amount of nuts increased until Allen and Elena were satisfied .

[Allen, Elena . Shall we buy some dried fruit for snacks too?]

[[Un]]

[Allen, Kukuru!]

[Elena, Shian!]

[Kukuru fruit and Shian fruit it is then . Alright . You don’t want anything else?]

[[Hmm? I~chi?]]

[Ichi fruit, got it]

Grapes and fig . And also strawberries .

[N? This is…………]

When I was about to tell the shop’s uncle about the fruit Allen and Elena wanted to buy, I caught a sight of something I haven’t seen before .

[Oh, Niisan, you have sharp eyes~ These are Starberries . They are a difficult to get hold of, first-class goods with have twice the sugar content of Ichi fruit . Well, they are best when fresh, so they are even rarer when dried]

[Hee~]

Starberries, huh~ It’s appearances are similar to strawberry . But, it’s a size bigger and yellow in color . Ah, but the name seems derived . I can see a faint star pattern on the surface . Since it’s first-class goods, it must be delicious . Un, then, let’s buy it .

[This, may I buy it up?]

[Ou, I don’t mind!]

There’s not that many being sold, so I decided to buy all there is .

[[Onii~ chan, aah~!]]

[Haha~ that’s right . You want to try it]

[[Un]]

Because it’s rare and when you hear it’s delicious, you would want to try it immediately .

[After we pay, okay?]

[[Quickly~]]

[I got it, I got it . Ojisan, how much it adds up to?]

[[How much~?]]

[Ou, wait a moment]

Until I paid, Allen and Elena demandingly continued pulling on the hem of my clothes .

[Here, Allen, Elena]

[[Aah~]]

When I presented the Starberries I have received, the two widely opened their mouths in wait . It’s just that the Starberries are a little too big to eat whole, so instead of entering their mouths, half of the fruits were sticking out of their mouths .

[Is it tasty?]

[[Tashty~]]

When I asked for impressions on the taste, the two sweetly smiled . Their expressions resemble the one they made when eating ice cream .

Furthermore, the two were staring at my face after finishing eating .

[What’s the matter?]

[[Uniyu~……]]

[Ahh . Do you perhaps want to eat one more?]

[Will endure~]

[Next time~]

Oh my, oh my, they want to eat it, but it seems they will endure .

[Really?]

[[Really~]]

[I see . Then, let’s buy something to eat from the stalls at the main street]

[[Un!]]

My stomach also feels empty, so when I proposed to eat something at the stalls, the children accepted my proposal .

[Alright, let’s go~]

[[Let’s go~ let’s go~]]

And then, when we got onto the main street--

[[Ah!]]

[N?]

Allen and Elena suddenly raised their voices after looking at the opposite side of the street .




Chapter 99

[Ah, aren’t you Oniisan from that time!]

When I looked where Allen and Elena were pointing, a familiar red-haired woman was running over to us . She’s the vampire woman we have met before, Vivian .

[I’m not your older brother!]

[I’m indeed older than you, aren’t I~ What was your name again?]

[…… Oy]

[That’s a lie~ I’m only joking! It was Takumi-san, wasn’t it? I properly remember you~]

[……]

[Rather than that, this must be a fate . I’m extremely happy to meet you again! Well then, please give me food!]

[……]

Haa? I think I lost her a bit there……

[Food?]

[Yes, food . Anything’s fine, so please let me eat]

[No, no, why! There are food stalls around here, so you should just buy food from them, right?]

[Don’t wanna~ I want to eat food made by you!]

[……]

That’s an enormous complaint .

As expected, I’m not such kind stranger that would go[Ah, is that so? Then, here you go]when told[I want to eat] .

[Of course, I won’t eat for free! I have properly prepared the compensation!]

Vivian said such while puffing out her chest and presenting small bottles, so I looked at the bottles with【Appraisal】first .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Drops of Blue Rose】

A vampire specially made conception medicine . A medicine for a certain conception .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts approximately half a day .

Excellent product with no side effects . Women exclusive use .

【Drops of Yellow Rose】

A vampire specially made contraceptive . Absolute contraceptive .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts for three whole days .

Excellent product with no side effects . Women exclusive use .

【Drops of Black Rose】

A vampire specially made spermicide . A medicine which cancels the propagative power of sperm .

Immediate effect . The effect lasts for three whole days .

Excellent product with no side effects . Men exclusive use .

＝＝＝＝＝

[Fufufu~ how about that!]

[……]

This woman…… why is this the medicine of her choice!?

Does she not have anything better for compensation!

[…… Why is it this medicine]

[My? You are aware of the effect of these medicines, aren’t you? Takumi-san is knowledgeable~ The ingredients used for these medicines are special, so they are very precious medicines!]

They are rare medicines without a doubt . Although it’s a kind of a medicine that is not particularly necessary…… but, I’m already tired of accompanying Vivian as her tsukkomi companion, I just have to let her eat and think that I have obtained a valuable medicine……

[We are in the middle of the town, so I can take out only what I have]

[I don’t mind!]

When I took outa pre-made cooking from the《Infinite Storage》, Vivian immediately started eating on the spot .

[Ngu, mugu, ngu!]

[Speak after your mouth isn’t full!]

Vivian tried to talk with her mouth fully stuffed, so I stopped her with all my might .

[Allen, Elena . Talking with a mouth stuffed with food like that is bad, so be sure you two absolutely don’t do that, okay?]

[[Yess~]]

I teach Allen and Elena while showing the bad sample .

[It’s delicious]

[Is that so?]

[Yes, seconds please]

[……]

Really shameless . But, if you compare the price of Vivian’s medicine and my cooking, I think the medicine would be far more expensive, so I decided to obediently take out the seconds .

[Ah, for a takeout too please]

[…… Oy]

Vivian’s shamelessness exceeded boldness .

[Haa~ I’m full, I’m full~ I’m extremely satisfied~]

[…… That so?]

[Yes! Ah, I will give you this as well~]

＝＝＝＝＝

【Enerunrun♪】

A vampire specially made energy drink .

Five days worth of nourishment supplement .

Be careful not to overdose, okay♪

＝＝＝＝＝

[……]

She took out something strange again……

Does that mean I won’t have to eat for five days if I drink this?

[If you take it now, I will present you a set of ten[Enerunrun♪]! Therefore, I request takeout food as well!]

[[Enerunrun~?]]

[That’s right~ It’s something like a fruit water after which you won’t have to eat for a while . This is also my favorite article!]

It appears that Allen and Elena were attracted by its name .

[[May drink~?]]

[Oh my? Would you like to try?]

[Oy, wait a moment! Vivian, don’t let them drink it without permission! Allen, Elena, if you drink that, you won’t be able to eat meals for a while!]

I stopped the three who wanted to drink[Enerunrun♪]in panic .

Hearing that they won’t be able to eat, Allen and Elena who were reaching for the bottles promptly withdrew their hands . But, Vivian was still pushing the bottles into the two’s hands, so I took the bottles from her hands .

I get annoyed just from thinking of getting on Vivian’s proposal, but honestly, this medicine, or rather, this nutrient seems like it could be useful, so I decided to take it and yield to her demands .

[How about this, is it enough?]

I retrieved Cream bread, Anpan, Curry bread, egg sandwich, and tuna sandwich from the《Infinite Storage》and showed it to Vivian . They are bread that has been sold only in Shirin and Bailey . The sandwiches most likely didn’t even appear on the market yet .

[Huh? Is this the jam bun that has been popular recently~?]

[No, it isn’t a jam bun . The filling is different . The shop that sells them has only two kinds at the moment, so it’s a pastry that the shops around here don’t sell yet]

[Ohh~! That is wonderful . Thank you very much~]

It seems the negotiations were somehow arranged .

[Rather, the medicine you always take out, is it made by you?]

[Huh? Did I say what race I was from?]

…… Ah . If I know the medicine then I would know that it’s vampire-made, but I have not heard from Vivian that she’s a vampire yet .

[…… You said it when we met before, didn’t you~]

[Did I?]

Was that not enough to deceive her?

[That’s right]

[N~ that may be true now that I think about it~? So, about this medicine, right? As Takumi-san said, this medicine was made by me~]

Ah, looks like she has been deceived .

[As I thought]

[Yes~ well, I might be irresponsible, but the effects of the medicines are perfect, so please be at ease]

[……]

No, that comment right now wasn’t needed~

[Well then, thank you very much for today . I look forward to seeing you again]

…… Again, she said .

Leaving worrisome words behind, Vivan gallantly departed .

[…… Now then, Allen, Elena, thank you for waiting . What shall we eat?]

[[N, you see~ I want that~]]

Pulling myself together, I decided to resume the stroll around town again .




Chapter 100

After picking up some light snack at a street stall, we returned to the inn before it got dark and had a dinner with Wald-sama and rest . At that time--

--Doko—n!

[Buhiiii]

Simultaneously with an explosive sound, some kind of beastly war cry resounded .

[W, what?]

[That just now was a monster’s cry, wasn’t it!?]

[I, It was nearby, right!?]

[This is the downtown! Why is a monster here!]

The store’s interior suddenly became noisy .

[I think the soldiers will intercept it, but…… it would be better to check the state of the situation . Oswald, Mars, we are going!]

[[Y, yes!]]

Inside the noisy store, Isaac-san composedly gave instructions and rushed out of the store together with Oswald-san and Mars-kun . Only Wald-sama remained behind .

Is that it? Accompanying us because they are pretty much supposed to be our guards? Normal times in the downtown aside, he won’t leave us at such times?

[[Monster~?]]

[Looks like it]

[Allen will defeat~]

[Elena too~]

[Even without Allen and Elena defeating it, the soldiers of this town will]

[[Muu~~~]]

Hearing about a monster, Allen and Elena grew restless . It’s because their turn didn’t show up that much when monsters appeared on this journey . It seems they are itching to fight .

[Oy, oy…… please stop rushing out on every occassion]

Hearing our conversation, Wald-sama said exhaustedly .

[Well~ I don’t want us plunging into troubles on our own too, but……]

But you see~ because the inn is facing the main street, I can see people running as if escaping from west to the east . That’s why I feel frustrated, just sitting without doing anything……

[Captain-!]

[Mars? Did you find out what happened?]

A short time later, Mars-kun returned . It seems he came to report the situation to Wald-sama .

[A swarm of Orcs appeared from the west . The exploding sound from a while ago was from a stone the Orcs threw at the wall . Vice-captain and Oswald-san went straight to the actual scene]

[…… I see]

Orcs, huh…… it seems it was from the west as I thought .

N~ Orc is a monster that can be defeated with two or three people of some skill, but……

[Is it fine for Wald-sama not to go?]

[It’s not like all of us can go and leave you guys behind . Since Isaac went there, I will stay here]

Ah, he remained behind as our guard as I thought .

[Well, the soldiers from various places will come together and divide between the subjugation force and the evacuation force . The Feudal Lord’s House’s knights should come out too . Besides…… no, anyhow, there shouldn’t be any problem]

N? Right now, didn’t it feel like Wald-sama was avoiding the last line?

[Buhiiii—!]

At that moment, the Orcish shout resounded again . It was louder than the one before .

Immediately after that, Allen and Elena were pulling on my clothes .

[What’s the matter?]

[[Onii~ chan, let’s go~?]]

[…… Let’s go you say, eh? To the west gate?]

[[Un!]]

[……]

…… Ahh, yeah, the two didn’t give up yet .

[Don’t go . You can’t]

[[Muu~~~]]

Allen and Elena became sullen at Wald-sama’s cautioning .

[[We goingmon!]]

As if to oppose Wald-sama, Allen and Elena vigorously stood up from their chars .

[Uwa! Allen, Elena!?]

I stood in panic and caught the two who were about to leave the inn .

[[We going~~~]]

[Alright, I got it, okay?]

When I finally gave up because they wouldn’t settle otherwise, the two became obedient .

I was honestly startled by the usually obedient two’s unusual reaction . Is this supposed to be that? Getting stubborn after being oppressed . But, this might be a normal reaction for children . Allen and Elena have been way too obedient until now .

[[Really~?]]

[Really]

[Oy, Takumi!]

[But Wald-sama, please think about it . Don’t you think the damage would be larger if the two went on rampage like this?]

[……]

When I said such to Wald-sama who was objecting, he went silent . It appears that he understands how troublesome it would be if Allen and Elena were to rampage .

[Wald-sama, you are worried about it too, aren’t you? Shall we go to the west gate?]

[…… Can’t be helped]

[Eh? Captain, is that alright!?]

[It’s way better than them going on their own . Rather, I think Isaac already saw through this development . That’s why he must have gone ahead to get the information . If not, he would normally stay here while we would be over there]

Wow . It looks like Wald-sama and Isaac-san decided on their roles with eye contact in that moment . What an amazing combination . But, because Wald-sama has reluctantly agreed, we decided to go to the west gate on a separate route to avoid the crowd .

[Huh?]

After arriving at the west gate and seeing the soldiers and adventurers coming in and out, I noticed a certain thing .

[Ah! Wald-sama, are adventurers called together in such cases too?]

[Yeah, that’s right . Different ranks are called depending on the situation . Takumi didn’t notice after all?]

Emergency call or something like that . Aren’t I in the targeted group too then?

Come to think of it, while explaining the actions of the soldiers, Wald-sama was evasive about his last sentence .

[Eh? Wouldn’t it be bad if I didn’t go during the emergency call?]

[Under normal circumstances . There’s no problem at the moment since you are with us]

[Is that so?]

[That is so]

I understand that Wald-sama and rest are moving under the King’s orders, so their priority is that, but am I also involved in it? I don’t understand well, but I will overlook it since it seems like there would be no penalty this time .

Also, I’m worried about the frequency, but I should keep emergency calls in mind .

[Oh, there he is --Oy, Isaac]

[My, my, you arrived earlier than I expected]

[The pipsqueaks are more stubborn than you thought, Isaac!]

[Oh my, is that so?]

When Wald-sama said such, Isaac-san looked at Allen and Elena in my arms without getting surprised .

[Monster~]

[Will defeat~]

Allen and Elena who were stared at by Isaac-san cheerfully raised their fists . Then, Isaac-san made a consenting expression after hearing the two’s words full of eagerness .

[So, what’s the situation?]

[It’s not that sweet]

When Wald-sama asked about the situation, Isaac-san’s expression changed .

[Hahh? The opponents are Orcs, right? They might have numbers, but our higher war potential should manage, right?]

[That’s…… there’s a superior species]

[What!? Superior species?]

[Yes . Its appearance has not been confirmed yet, but the Orcs’ leadership is secured and their numbers aren’t quite going down]

Superior species, huh . Something like this wouldn’t happen if it was just a High Orc, so it must be something even above that . It must be either Orc General or Orc King .

[Who is in command here?]

[A person called Gregory, he’s the Knight Captain of the Feudal Lord’s House]

[Don’t know him]

[Well, he’s mainly serving the Feudal Lord after all]

[I see . Let’s go see him first . Hey, Takumi . You are going too]

[…… Roger]

It seems that Wald-sama wants to see the person in charge first, but…… apparently together with me .

Allen and Elena are itching to fight, but as expected it’s not like I can release them into such chaos, so let’s accompany Wald-sama here~



Chapter 101

When we got out of the gate, I could see a group of orcs advancing towards the town and figures of soldiers and adventurers trying to block them . It appears that the strength of their forces is similar, they advance and retreat in turns . Isaac-san said the situation wasn’t favorable, but the damages caused by the orcs seems to be low .

While glancing at the situation, I walked with Wald-sama and rest towards the knights--

[[《《Water Jet》》]]

[-- Hey!!]

Allen and Elena suddenly fired magic towards the orcs .

The released magic flew towards an advancing orc who slipped through the defenses . It was rushing towards our direction and apparently entered the two’s firing range . Moreover, the orc got blown backward and stopped moving . It seems they have brought it down properly .

I kept the two in my arms as a precaution of them rushing out, but I couldn’t prevent their magic .

The attention completely gathered at us who were the source of the magic .

[Takumi, what are you doing!]

[No, no, that wasn’t me!]

Wald-sama who walked in the front turned around in a panic . Rather, why is he getting angry at me?

[I know that! Watch the pipsqueaks properly!]

Ahh, so it’s that . But you see~

[I’m preventing them from rushing out like this]

[……]

When I show Wald-sama how I’m holding Allen and Elena in my arms, he delicately turned away his gaze .

As expected, I can possibly take any further measures, right? As for the magic, isn’t sealing their magical power the only thing left? Well, I have no intention of doing that though .

[Allen, Elena . You mustn’t fire magic while people are around all of sudden like that . It would be dangerous if the people around got dragged into it, right?]

[[Is fi~ne!]]

While thinking of cautioning them first, the two proudly puffed out their chest in full confidence…… fine you say, do you mean you won’t involve others?

They certainly aimed at an orc that separated from its group, so it’s not like they could damage the people in the vicinity . It’s not an exaggeration to say that they brought it down safely .

[Still, you mustn’t selfishly use magic at the moment]

[[……]]

When I told them that they can’t use magic, the two made dissatisfied faces .

[…… When there’s a suitable time to use it, I will properly ask you . Okay?]

[[…… Yess~]]

They were making too displeased faces, so when I told them that I will ask them when an opportunity arises, they were reluctant, but they agreed . I feel like if I don’t proactively search for opportunities, they will later sulk~

[Did you finish persuading them? Rather, the pipsqueaks can use magic, I see . They couldn’t use it before, right?]

Wald-sama wondered about the children using magic .

Come to think of it, Allen and Elena learned magic after arriving to Bailey, so it’s the first time he saw the children use magic .

[That’s right, I taught them in Bailey, so……]

[Doesn’t that mean that much time didn’t pass since they learned magic! Magic of such power isn’t something amateurs, much less children can do . You guys, stay out of the norm moderately please!]

For some reason, Wald-sama entered lecturing mode . Stay out of the norm moderately, he said…… even if you tell me that~

However, it’s not like they went all out……

[Wald-sama, leave it at that . The people over there noticed our presence because of the children’s magic, so let’s head there]

[…… Let’s do that]

When I looked at the direction Isaac-san was talking about, I saw a group of splendidly armored people staring at us .

Yeah, is that the group of the commander Wald-sama wanted to meet?

[Risner-dono, these people are?]

When we approached, they asked Isaac-san whom they have already met before .

[My superior and our companion adventurer]

[I’m Grunwald Ruven . You might have heard from Isaac here already, but we are on the way to the capital and stopped by the town today . It’s a state of emergency, so we came to cooperate]

[Thank you very much for your assistance . I’m Gregory Valgan . Without a delay, Ruven-dono . The magic that sent the orc from just a while ago flying, it seemed to belong to these children, but…… just what are they……]

When Wald-sama and Valgan-san finished introducing themselves, Valgan-san immediately asked about Allen and Elena . Well, it’s only natural to be curious about that~

[…… Ahh, that’s…… yeah]

[I’m adventurer called Takumi . These children are my younger siblings]

[Those children are adventurers too, but he as their elder brother is outside the norm--no, rather, he’s a nonsensical human being, so you just have to think that the children got influenced by him]

[Wald-sama!? That way of speaking is way too rude!]

I introduced myself to Valgan-san just in case and left the rest to Wald-sama, but his words shocked me .

I recognize that I’m slightly unordinary, but nonsensical…… isn’t that too cruel?

[Didn’t I just say the truth!]

[No, no, no! You could have said it differently!]

[I don’t have the time to explain it nicely at the moment!]

[That’s true, but!]

[It has been established that it’s impossible for you guys to not stand out . It would be wasteful to try patching up things after you, don’t you think!]

[……]

…… Allen and Elena are already guilty of that, so I’m not able to deny that . I can’t deny that, but~

[Valgan-dono, I can guarantee their ability]

[I, I see……]

…… It didn’t feel like it was forced at all .

I had no choice but to crestfallenly hang my head down without saying anything .

[Bumooooooooーーー!!]

At that time, I heard a loud war cry, and an especially huge orc appeared .

--noshi, noshi its movements weren’t that fast, but it has quite the coercing power .

[Tch! The general has come]

It’s the superior species, Orc General .

[Valgan-dono, wouldn’t it be better to withdraw the vanguard and rally up? At this rate, our numbers will gradually be reduced]

Because the Orc General appeared, the vigor of the nearby orcs grew .

The number of soldiers and adventurers that are being sent flying obviously increased .

[However, the orcs would then approach the town]

[It’s fine . We have countermeasures]

Valgan-san was flustered, but Wald-sama confidently threw out his chest .

It appears that Wald-sama has a plan . I wonder what it is?




Chapter 102

[There, Takumi, pipsqueks, go wild as you please]

[Haa!?]

[[Really?]]

[Yeah, it’s fine~]

[[Yaay~]]

[No, no, no!]

Wald-sama suddenly said something that fanned the children’s flame .

[Wait, Wald-sama!? W, what are you saying!!]

Wald-sama’s plan, was it perhaps utilizing us?

In Wald-sama’s case, he seriously meant it!

[Hm? This is a way to keep the damage at the minimum and eliminate the monsters most quickly . Look, Takumi, I leave the big shot to you~]

[No, no, no! Knight-sama, do your job please!!]

[Of course, I will go out too . Ah, you can leave the clean-up to me too! Well, Isaac will be the one dealing with the processing though!]

I believe that Wald-sama is extensively serious .

[Is this not an abandonment of one’s duties!? Isaac-san!]

I tried seeking help from Isaac-san .

[Let’s see~ Well, rather than being guards, our duty is to follow Takumi-san who can act freely, so~ Wald-sama telling you to go to the front doesn’t really mean he’s abandoning his duties~]

[I have no allies!?]

Isaac-san also recommended Wald-sama’s approach . When I looked towards Oswald-san and Mars-kun, they were looking at me with sympathy……

[[Onii~ chan, let’s go~]]

Allen and Elena have been pulling on my clothes to go since a while ago .

[I understand, I understand~……]

Complaining already won’t change anything at this time . It would be better to clean-up before the damages become large .

[Can you withdraw people away from the group of orcs?]

[Oh, you are ready to go? You mean to keep them away so they won’t get rolled up into it, right? --Valgan-dono, can you withdraw the soldiers?]

[Just what do you……]

A broad grin appeared on Wald-sama’s face as he begun negotiating with Valgan-san .

But, Valgan-san was confused .

[You have no choice but to believe me]

[…… I understand]

Valgan-san seemed to make a decision and started giving instructions to the surroundings .

[Allen, Elena, we will reduce their numbers with magic first, okay?]

[[Un!]]

After verifying that the front has moved away, I lowered Allen and Elena from my arms and prepared for the attack .

[Here I go~--《Water Jet》]

[[《Water Jet》]]

With the people out of the way, the three of us fired magic at my signal .

The large amount of discharged water overwhelmed the orcs’ momentum .

[[[[[Wha!!]]]]]

I heard shocked voices from the surroundings .

[Ooh~ they got blown away fancily, didn’t they?]

[What a great power]

[It was incredible the last time I saw it too, but this one was the most incredible~]

The admiration voices of Wald-sama and rest were audible .

[That being the case, we should go soon as well~]

[Let’s do that . It doesn’t seem necessary, but it’s not like we can only watch . Oswald, Mars, we are going]

[[Yes!]]

Wald-sama and rest took out their swords and moved towards the orcs .

[Ah, Allen too~]

[Elena is going too~]

Allen and Elena also broke into a run . I also took out my sword--[Water Katana]from the《Infinite Storage》and ran after them .

[[Torya~]]

Allen and Elena jump kicked an orc with the momentum, used its chest as a stepping stone and jumped up .

[[Yaa~!]]

Then, they attacked the heads of the orcs . Each bringing down an orc with the exact same moves .

[Ha!]

There was an orc who tried to swing down its club at Allen and Elena when they landed, so I cut it down with my katana .

[Next one~?]

[This way~!]

Allen and Elena identified their next prey and ran towards it without a hesitation .

[[There~!]]

[Buhiiii-!]

[Oryaaーーー!]

[Haa~!]

[Buhiii-!]

Not only Allen and Elena, but seeing Wald-sama and rest smoothly defeating the orcs together with the soldiers and adventurers, the orcs’ numbers quickly decreased .

[Bumooooooooーーー!!]

Seeing its comrades being defeated one by one, the Orc General roared .

Glaring at its hateful enemies, the Orc General’s coercion increased .

[Now then……]

Orc General is…… B-rank, right?

Well, I don’t think it’s necessary to be so cautious, but…… I don’t know what it’s capable of when enraged . Defeating it with magic and not allowing it to get close would be a valid strategy .

N~ Should I use fire magic I have not tried using before? But you see~ the Orc General’s hide seems to be quite a good material and I heard that its flesh is also tastier than that of an orc, so it would be wasteful to just burn it .

…… The Orc General doesn’t really look appetizing, but I feel like eating pork fried with ginger for some reason .

[First……--《Wind Arrow》]

[Bumoooooo!]

When I used a wind arrow as a test, the movements of the charging Orc General just slightly quivered . On the contrary, it got enraged even more .

[…… Quite sturdy, isn’t he? Then, next is--《Air Hammer》]

This time, I activated magic to smash the Orc General with air pressure from above .

[Bumoo!?]

The Orc General took a posture of lifting an invisible stone with both of its hands .

[Takumi, you seem to be taking it quite easy]

[[Onii~ chan!]]

Just at that moment, Wald-sama and others who defeated the rest of the orcs joined up with me .

Allen and Elena who ran over as well clung to my legs .

[Taking it easy, is not quite right, that fellow is quite a tough one~]

I keep the Orc General under the air pressure so that he couldn’t move, so it’s not like I’m taking it easy .

[Allen will defeat it~]

[Elena will defeat it too~]

Thinking this to be an opportunity to participate, Allen and Elena raised their hands an appealed to me .

[…… Oh well . Shall we bring it down with magic at once?]

[[Yess~!]]

I know the magic power of these two is enormous, so it would be better to bring it down at once rather than uselessly prolonging it .

[Then, are you prepared?]

[[Un!]]

[Well then--《Water Jet》]

[[《Water Jet》]]

[Also, a freebie!《Tornado》]

Invoking magic together with the children, I further mixed the water magic with wind magic .

When the vigorous whirlpool of water reached the Orc General--dokan, it made a loud noise upon impact .

[Bumooo-……]

The directly hit Orc General feebly collapsed to the ground .

[[Defeated~!]]

A lot of people were injured during today’s orc raid, but luckily, there were no casualties . In addition, it ended with no damages to the town . After that, we began cleaning up, but Isaac-san told me first with a very nice smile that the Orc General and several orcs should naturally belong to me, so I immediately stored them into my《Infinite Storage》 .

After storing the orc materials--rather, their corpses in the《Infinite Storage》, I was told by Isaac-san[It’s a nap-time for the children, isn’t it?]next . Well, the day has certainly become pitch dark, so I agreed as it was without a doubt that time .

Then, I was half-forcedly returned to the inn with Oswald-san . Thinking that this is the “clean-up” Wald-sama was talking about, I obediently decided to return to the inn and rest .

Then the next morning when I awoke, Wald-sama and rest were also already back . Well, they went to report to the Alveil’s Feudal Lord after cleaning up, so they seem to have just pulled an all-nighter .

After asking for details, the Feudal Lord apparently hoped to meet us . However, Wald-sama declined that after explaining that we are in the middle of a journey to the royal capital to meet with the King . The King is given the top priority after all . Wald-sama refusing in my stead was an excellent judgment . Rather, I wanted to say[Good job declining!] .

Well, you know~ the reason the Feudal Lord wanted to meet with us was apparently either an invitation to serve him or get captured by him if unlucky . He must have heard the story from Valgan-san and that’s why he wished to meet us .

Well, there’s no positive proof though .

[Takumi, sorry about this but can we depart in the afternoon? Let me take a nap for a little]

[I don’t mind leaving tomorrow?]

[No, I don’t think there would be further troubles, but I want to depart quickly]

[I understand . We will obediently wait in the room, so please rest up]

[Ou, that would be nice . Your faces are probably well-known by now, so it would be better to not leave that much]

Wald-sama and others we working all night, so it wouldn’t be good to depart right away, so we spent the morning leisurely in our room .

After that, we departed from Alveil in the afternoon, the journey went uneventfully, and we have safely arrived at the royal capital .




Chapter 103

[[Lots~]]

[Really . There’s a lot of people and carriages]

Arriving at the capital, we promptly got off the horses and approached the gate in order to get inside .

There was a long queue in order to get inside, but the knights and us as their fellow travelers went to the front of the queue without lining up, and were able to enter immediately after identification papers check .

I had the four animals return to my shadow as the number of people started increasing . I would like them to walk together with us, but it might become a problem in a place with tons of people after all~

[[Oohh~]]

When we entered the town, Allen and Elena raised voices of astonishment .

I thought there were many people both in Shirin and Bailey, but as I thought, they can’t compare with the capital as it’s crowded with people .

[Allen, Elena, don’t separate from me~ We won’t be able to see each other if you get lost~]

[[!!]]

The moment I somehow half seriously exclaimed, Allen and Elena who were looking around the town with a great interest firmly stuck to my legs .

I won’t be able to move if they stuck to me this close . Moreover, we will obstruct the passersby . I lifted up the two in my arms in order not to lose sight of them .

[Sorry, sorry . I was lying . I will be able to properly find you even if you get lost]

[[Uu~]]

Uwaa~~~ they have extremely teary eyes……

I did it now . I shouldn’t joke in such way with Allen and Elena .

[Oy, Takumi . We should--Oh? Why do the pipsqueaks seem about to cry?]

Just at that time, Wald-sama who finished with the procedures approached us and found the children’s state strange .

[No…… well, I joked around a bit you see……]

[N? You mean you made them cry? That’s rare . What did you say?]

[That I won’t be able to see each other if they get lost……]

[Ahh~ I see . So that’s why the pipsqueaks are like that~]

[…… Yes]

Wald-sama looked at the two who were clinging to me as if they were saying “I’m never letting go” with faces that were about to cry .

[Well, there are more people in the capital than anywhere else in the kingdom on top of being really difficult to go in and out~ but, don’t worry! It’s often the case that children who are not familiar with the geography of the town get lost and need to be searched for!]

Wald-sama said such with confidence, but…… was that supposed to be a follow-up?

That’s not a follow-up at all~~~

[Wald-sama, what are you doing fanning the children’s insecurity?]

It’s as Isaac-san said! The children seem like bursting into tears at any moment .

It appears that Isaac-san took on the role of scolding Wald-sama, so I decided to follow-up with the children myself .

[Allen, Elena, it’s all right . Look, shall we go like this for today? We will never separate from each other that way]

[[…… Un]]

It was just feebly, but the two properly nodded, so I felt relieved .

Seriously…… Losing sight, getting lost, I will be careful not to play that hand ever again .

[I’m sorry, Takumi-san . From here on out, Wald-sama will be accompanying you alone as we will go directly to the castle……]

As I was about to finish soothing Allen and Elena in my arms, Isaac-san who apparently finished scolding Wald-sama said to me worriedly while glancing at Wald-sama .

Hahaha~ It appears that we will say farewell to Isaac-san and rest here, but Isaac-san seems really worried to leave us in Wald-sama’s care .

[Don’t worry about it . Well, we will somehow manage even if we separate (from Wald-sama) . I could look for a suitable inn or something]

[Haa? What are you saying?]

[Oh my? Takumi-san, did you not hear by any chance?]

[N?]

Even though the capital is vast, I will be able to find an inn with no guide . When I said such, Wald-sama and Isaac-san looked at me with strange faces .

[Your inn is my place]

[…… Eh!?]

My place, he said…… surely not, the Ruven House!? Ehh~!?

[Wait, I didn’t hear anything about that though-!]

[Did I not tell you?]

That the place we will be staying at has been already decided…… just when was it decided?

[I haven’t heard anything about that! We are fine with an inn]

[There’s no way I can let you stay there]

[…… Is that no good?]

Indeed, we have been taken care of by the Risner House before, so I thought whether it will be the same in the capital, but~ I thought such but~ When staying at the Risner House, we weren’t really restricted and we have been taken care of really well, but you know . I feel much more comfortable at an inn .

[Did you perhaps wanted to stay at a guest room in the castle, Takumi-san? I believe you will be able to stay as the King’s guest of honor, would you like to request a stay?]

[No, I’m fine! It seems that we will be intruding to Wald-sama’s home, so there’s no need to stay at the castle!]

[Oh my, is that so?]

While I was hesitating to stay at the Ruven House, Isaac-san proposed to stay at the castle with a smile . I would like to refrain from that as much as possible, so I immediately refused .

Staying at the castle…… I don’t want to do something so nerve wrecking willingly~

When I refused, Isaac-san made a really nice smile . Ku~~~

That’s right . Isaac-san knew that I would definitely choose the Ruven House over the castle, that’s why he made such proposal . Haa……

This is just how I feel, but if I said[Then, I will go with the castle]Isaac-san would definitely manage to let us stay in the castle .

Therefore, I mustn’t make a wrong choice here!

[Isaac-san, Oswald-san, Mars-kun . We have been in your care]

[No, no, it was us who were taken care of]

[That’s right . You made us delicious food, we have received precious herbs from you……]

[Uwa! That’s not good, is it? Somehow, even the monsters were defeated by Takumi-san’s contracted beasts…… when I think about it, we haven’t done anything!]

When I regrouped my feelings and said goodbye to the three we will be separating from, the three recalled the happenings of the journey .

But well, it’s not like they haven’t done anything, it’s that we have come uninvited in various ways~

[Hahaha~ We have made the meals on our own and you can consider the herbs as wages for labor . Ah, I mean you don’t have to pay or anything, okay?]

[Well, I don’t think that much was enough, so if you have something you are troubled with, I will help you as much as possible so don’t hesitate to contact me anytime]

[I will cooperate if there’s something I might be useful for . Please, call out to me anytime]

[Me too!]

[Thank you very much]

Following Isaac-san, I have also received reliable words from Oswald-san and Mars-kun . During our stay in the capital, I will rely on them without reservation if something comes up .

…… Well, I would prefer if such situation didn’t occur though .

[Well then Allen-kun, Elena-san, we will meet during the audience again, but it’s farewell until then]

[[Un, bye bye~]]

Taking Allen’s and Elena’s farewell as a signal, Isaac-san, Oswald-san, and Mars-kun mounted their horses and departed .

[Well then, we should go as well . The day is still long, should I show you around the town on the way to my house?]

It has been decided that we will go to the Ruven House now, but Wald-sama decided to show us around the town on the way .

That proposal was honestly really good . The town is huge and I don’t have the slightest idea where’s what .

Unfortunately, the map function is blank just like when entering a dungeon, so I will be able to do a bit of mapping while being guided around .

[Hey, let’s go then~]

[Thank you very much]

I’m carrying Allen and Elena in my arms, so Wald-sama started walking with the reins of two horses in his hands . I promptly followed after him and entered the town .

--In fact, at this time, I thought that I will be taught the names of several main streets .

But, Wald-sama guided us around shopping areas and roads where carriages can turn around, he unexpectedly shown us some important places .




Chapter 104

We have arrived at the Ruven House at last .

[Welcome home, Botchan ]

When we entered the Ruven House following after Wald-sama, something shocking happened .

A man wearing a past his middle age wearing a tail coat with tightly combed down hair called Wald-sama “Botchan” when greeting him . Botchan! Wald-sama is Botchan! T, that doesn’t suit him at all, does it~

[Oy, Ivan . Don’t I always tell you to stop calling me Botchan?]

[To this Ivan, Botchan has been Botchan since you were a child . Rather than that Botchan, would you please introduce our guests?]

Apparently, this man called Ivan is a veteran servant that has worked in this Ruven House since Wald-sama’s childhood .

[Yeah, sorry about that . Takumi, this is our butler Ivan . Ivan, this is Takumi who will be staying with us for a while and his little brother Allen and little sister Elena . I informed the old man about it, but]

[Yes, he has been asking for you . Takumi-sama, welcome . I’m a butler called Ivan . I will complete any requests you may have as soon as possible, so please, don’t hesitate to order me]

[I’m Takumi . I will be in your care for a while]

[Thank you for your politeness]

Ivan-san silently bowed once the introductions finished . I have been quite concerned about that, but Wald-sama who was ignorant of my feelings advanced the talk .

[So, what about the old man and Mother? They are home, right?]

[Yes . Dannasama is in his office, Okusama is in the salon]

[Let’s go meet the old man first . Takumi, follow me]

[Ah, yes . --Allen, Elena, come]

[[Yess~]]

After lightly bowing my head to Ivan-san, I briskly chased after Wald-sama . And so, we went towards the office of the head of the Count Ruven family--Wald-sama’s father .

When we arrived before the office, Wald-sama abruptly opened the door and walked inside .

[Oh, Wald, you have returned . Then, is that Takumi-kun?]

[P, pardon my intrustion]

[Welcome . Please come inside]

Wald-sama’s father was sitting at a desk dealing with some documents, but he put the documents on the desk when he saw me and hastily invited me inside .

[Make yourself comfortable . You can talk casually . My name is Matthias . I think you already know, but I’m this stupid son’s father]

[Thank you very much . I’m Takumi . These children are--]

[Allen!]

[Elena!]

After settling down on the sofa I was led to, we exchange greetings .

Whether it was because he’s Wald-sama’s relative, Allen and Elena gave their names cheerfully . It really was just their names, so I thought it might be a good time to step-up their game, so when I told them to attach[I am]next time--

[I am Allen!]

[I am Elena!]

The two introduced themselves on the spot once again . Matthias-sama who saw immediately addressed that .

[Children being lively is the most important . Think of my home as yours and spend your time here at ease]

[Thank you very much, Matthias-sama]

[N~ you are still a bit too stiff]

[Erm……]

The calm expression Matthias-sama had when he looked at Allen and Elena changed completely, turning into a dissatisfied one .

…… But well, I remember having such an exchange before .

It was similar to to the exchange I had with Cedric-san when I visited the Risner House for the first time . There’s ninety percent chance that he didn’t like the way I called him .

[Would it be all right to call you Matthias-san?]

[Yes, of course]

When I called him[Matthias-san]to confirm, Matthias-san immediately smiled .

As I thought, he was dissatisfied with the way I called him .

Rather, Matthias-san’s smiling face--is exactly same as Wald-sama’s, especially his eyes .

Matthias-san’s bright brown leaf-colored eyes is completely different from Wald-sama’s color, and he’s the civil official type which is completely different from Wald-sama’s knight type though .

[Oy, Takumi . Even though you won’t stop attaching -sama to my name, why did you changed the way you call my old man so easily!]

While feeling that those two are certainly a parent and a child, Wald-sama complained .

Wald-sama is apparently also dissatisfied with the way I call him . Well, Wald-sama did tell me to change how I call him when we reunited at Bailey~

[Well~…… I got used to calling you Wald-sama……]

[Change it even if it’s impossible]

[Ehh~]

[Change it!]

It finally turned into coercion…… can’t be helped .

[Wald? Wald-san? --………… Wald-sama]

[Oy?]

[Hahaha~ No~ yeah, it’s not possible]

[…… Oy]

[I’m sorry~]

I tried but as expected…… it doesn’t fit him . Wald-sama is Wald-sama after all~

[You will get eventually used to it even when you change it forcibly . Rather, get used to it!]

[Eeh~]

Do I have to really change it? I think that’s impossible for me though~

[…… Kukuku~]

Seeing such exchange between Wald-sama and me, Matthias-san burst into laughter .

[It’s good you have built such good relationship above all]

It seems that we appear to be on a good terms to Matthias-san .

Wald-sama clicked his tongue and averted his gaze in embarrassment .

[Now then, you must be tired from riding horses all the way here . There’s still some time before dinner . You should rest at the salon]




Chapter 105

There was a woman with same color of hair and eyes as Wald-sama who was relaxing at the salon when we arrived .

Wald-sama is the second son so it’s certain that he has an elder brother, but I wonder if he has a sister too?

[My, my, Wald-san, welcome home]

[Mother, I have returned]

…… It appears that the woman was, in fact, Wald-sama’s mother .

She’s a youthful woman, she doesn’t look at the age where could have given birth to Wald-sama at all .

[This must be Takumi-san . Welcome . My name is Rebecca]

[I’m Takumi . These children are Allen and Elena . We will be intruding for some time, Rebecca-sam……--n]

[Fufufu~]

Rebecca-san apparently also doesn’t like to be called -sama .

The moment I was about to say “Rebecca-sama,” I was glared at very hard, so I changed it to “-san” at the last moment .

Wald-sama glared at me as well, but I ignored him and prompted Allen and Elena to greet Rebecca-san too .

[Allen and Elena, you should say your greetings too]

[I am Allen!]

[I am Elena!]

[[Hello~]]

On the way from Matthias-san’s office to the salon, I taught the children to say[Hello]in addition to[I am], so they were able to properly say their greetings .

Yeah, a good performance, a good performance~ To think the children who would hide behind me when greeting others would come this far, I’m so moved~

[Yes, hello . Fufufu~ What adorable children they are~ That’s right~ Please, call me Obaasama, okay?]

[[Obaa~sama?]]

[Oh my! Very good~]

[…… Mother]

It appears that Rebecca-san is a very playful person .

She’s pleased that Allen and Elena called her “Obaasama,” but wouldn’t you normally be happier if they called you “Oneesama”?

[After all~ I would like to get a grandchild soon~ Wald-san, have you still not found a bride?]

Ahh, I see . Rebecca-san wants a grandchild, huh .

[Please put your expectations on Elder brother who has a wife . They are newly-wed, so that day will come soon]

It seems like a child would be reliably conceived if the[Drops of Blue Rose]I received from Vivian were used, but…… well, since they are newly-wed, they will be surely blessed with a child before long . If there are no signs after several years, I can just give it to them at that time, right?

[You are right . I will wait while taking care of these children until then~]

She decided to take care of Allen and Elena by herself .

Well, I would be thankful if she was affectionate to them . But even now they were clinging to my legs and watching Rebecca who was beckoning them to come over .

[My, my, it seems like more time is necessary before they get used to me]

[For sure . They are shy of strangers by nature . I’m sorry]

[How unfortunate . But, you will stay at our home for a while, they will gradually get used to me]

After that, we decided to have tea with Rebecca-san .

[Takumi, do you have “that”?]

[By “that”, you mean?]

[Ice cream . I want to eat that . Do you have some pre-made?]

[Ah, ice cream, is it? I have, but……]

While drinking the black tea that was served to me, Wald-sama suddenly said that he wants to eat ice cream .

It was a demand for ice cream, but I have some pre-made . When Wald-sama and rest were sleeping after pulling an all-nighter at Alveil, I was bored so I made ice cream with Allen and Elena in our room, so various kinds of ice cream are stored in my《Infinite Storage》 .

[Give me]

[……]

It was quite a concise demand .

[[Aisu~♪]]

[Allen will eat too~]

[Elena wants to eat too~]

At the critical moment, Allen and Elena took advantage of Wald-sama’s request and raised their hands as well .

These two really like ice cream, don’t they~

[It can’t be helped, huh…… I have milk flavor, milk flavor blended with finely crushed nuts, honey flavor, Ichi flavor, and Kahee flavor . Which would you like, Wald-sama?]

[Oh, the variety increased? Let’s see~ Al--]

[Ah, I will say this first, but you can’t get all]

When I asked what flavor he would like, it felt like Wald-sama would say all of them, so I conveyed to him that he can’t get all flavors before it was too late .

[What!? I can’t?]

…… He really was going to ask for all .

[It’s just before dinner, you know? Besides, the children will get an upset stomach if they eat a lot of cold things . Allen and Elena will endure with one flavor, but are you really going to eat all of them in front of them?]

[…… Ou, sorry . I would like the Kahee flavored one]

[Roger]

When I explained that he can’t get all, Wald-sama obediently chose the Kahee flavored ice cream .

Well, his disappointment is very clear to understand . Let’s see~ Another flavor…… let’s give him one milk flavored with nuts too .

[Allen, Elena, what would you like~?]

[Allen, honey~]

[Elena, I~chi~]

Allen and Elena want honey and Ichi, huh~ It would be unfair if only Wald-sama got two kinds, so let’s give the two a bigger serving of the flavors they chose~

[Say, what is this ice cream? Won’t you explain to me?]

[It’s a cold sweet dessert . Would you like to try it as well, Rebecca-san?]

[My, is that fine? Then, could I have Takumi-san’s recommendation?]

[Yes, I understand]

Since it’s Rebecca-san’s first time eating ice cream, let’s go with the common milk flavor and Ichi flavor that women seem would like .

I immediately retrieved ice cream from the《Infinite Storage》, and scooped the two flavors into a bowl . I need that thing . The clickety-click… thing for scooping out ice cream . Would a blacksmith understand if I explained it a bit? Let’s confirm before long .

[Thank you for waiting]

[[Yay~]]

The four promptly begin eating the ice cream .

[It’s my first time eating, but it’s very delicious]

It suited Rebecca-san’s tastes and she ate very elegantly, but her pace was quick .

[Our chefs have to quickly learn how to make this]

[My, Wald-san . Have it been decided that Takumi-san will teach you how?]

[Rather than teaching me, he has already given me the recipe]

[Oh my, really? That is delightful, but Takumi-san, is that really fine? Wald-san didn’t extort you, did he?]

Eh? E, extort she says…… Rebecca-san, do you believe that your own son would do something like that?

[I, it’s fine . Besides the Ruven House, I thought the ice cream recipe to another three noble houses . But well, I taught them only the milk flavor recipe . I have decided to each house come up with their own flavor idea]

[Oh my, is that so? That’s good then, but…… since this is something I haven’t eaten nor heard about before, isn’t this Takumi-san’s invention?]

[You could say that……?]

To be accurate, that’s wrong~ What is this…… is it a mistake to bring such things into this world?

[But, I have no intention of hiding it, rather, it would be more convenient if it spread around]

Hiding it would be inviting trouble after all~ I would like to avoid that .

Moreover, I would like to eat ice cream anywhere . But well, it’s not like the act of freezing can be done everywhere in this world, so it might be impossible after all .

[My, is that so? Then, would it be all right for me to introduce it at an open tea party?]

[Yes, I don’t mind . But, I would like to refrain from proactive guidance]

[Yes, yes . We will have our chefs do their best . Oh dear, I somehow got very excited . Takumi-san, you will instruct them on the milk flavored one, right? After they are able to do that, I will have them do their best at this Ichi ice cream!]

[The Kahee flavored one was a bit bitter, but it worked as it was tasty]

[That also sounds tasty, doesn’t it? In that case, we will have to do our best at the Kahee one too~ Fufu, how fun~]

Rebecca-san and Wald-san got excited while discussing what flavors of ice cream the chefs should make for a while .

While listening and drinking my tea, a messenger arrived as the schedule for the audience with the King has been decided .

Surprisingly! The audience seems to be scheduled for tomorrow .




Chapter 106

And, the next day .

[Well then, Takumi-san, shall we go?]

Isaac-san whom I will have the audience together with is not wearing his regular knight uniform, noble-like clothes . Well, we also aren’t wearing our usual casual clothes, but considerably high-class clothes .

I didn’t think about the clothes to wear during the audience, but Cedric-san contacted Matthias-san beforehand, so the clothes were already prepared when we arrived at the Ruven House . Our physiques have been told to a clothing store which prepared several outfits, so we hurriedly tried them on after the messenger arrived . And finally, we did last-minute adjustments to the outfits we thought were the best .

Although overwhelmed, we were dressed nicely in no time .

I’m wearing black slacks and white shirt, a dark gray long jacket on top . Allen has a frilly white shirt and a navy blue shorts with suspenders . Elena is dressed in an embroidered pink dress with frills .

Wearing outfits that were tailored to fit us perfectly, we boarded the carriage .

[[Amazing~]]

[Isn’t it? Looking at it from up close, it looks even more amazing~]

We looked out of the carriage’s window while gradually approaching the castle .

I have seen a few Japanese castles, but it’s my first time seeing a western style castle . It had a solemn atmosphere from afar, but it’s a masterpiece when seen from up close .

There seem to be various procedures to enter the castle, but everything was left to Isaac-san, so we kept advancing .

[This is it . As for the manners, it should be fine if you follow my movements]

[I understand . Allen, Elena, you have to be quiet when inside, okay?]

[[Yess~]]

The room we entered was a large hall made of stone with a deep crimson carpet layed out on the floor and I caught a sight of extravagant chairs in the most elevated place . One noticeably more gorgeous in the center, with slightly smaller chairs on both sides . The chair in the center is most likely the King’s, while the ones on the side are the queen’s and/or prince’s . This certainly has the feel of an “audience hall” to it .

There are a few people that I think are noblemen and knight guards in the hall, but…… the eyes of those people are examining us without holding back . It’s a very unpleasant atmosphere .

Because of this atmosphere, Allen and Elena are thoroughly glued to me . I pat the two’s heads in comfort . I seem to be tense to some extent too, so they became my anxiety medicine as well .

[His Majesty is arriving]

After a short time, one of the knights conveyed such words, making Isaac-san and other people fall to their knees in a respectful bow . Following Isaac-san, I dropped to one knee and lowered my head . Allen and Elena imitated me and make the same posture, although a bit clumsy . Well, it doesn’t change the fact that they are glued to me .

Elena--what do girls do again in this situation? A lady’s bow…… courtesy? Or was it curtsy?

Pulling one leg back, pinching the skirt and bowing? I think that should be it, but…… oh well . They wouldn’t blame me for this, would they?

[Good . Lift your heads and make yourself comfortable]

I heard the footsteps of several people, and when they stopped just in front, a voice resounded around the hall .

When I lifted my head in accordance to those words, I saw a man in his forties with bright blonde hair wrapped in luxurious clothes .

Royalty = beauty seems to hold true as the man in front of me was a handsome middle-aged man . I’m sure he was popular with women in his youth .

Both chairs at the King’s sides were empty, but one man was standing beside the King . It was a middle-aged man with a seemingly strict atmosphere, a grizzled blonde hair swept back, dressed in all black with sharp eyes and glasses . If we go with the pattern, he would probably be a prime minister or something .

[Hmm . So you are the adventurer who discovered the dungeon in Bailey . Excuse me for summoning you all of sudden . I’m the King of the Guardia, Tristan]

[I’m serving as the prime minister, my name is Ford]

The King addressed me in a very amicable manner . He seems like a very gentle person, but as a King of a country, I’m sure he’s not simply a gentle character~

When the King finished speaking, the man who stood at his side introduced himself . It seems he’s the prime minister just as I thought .

[It’s an honor to meet you . I’m Takumi, an adventurer . These children are Allen and Elena]

[[…… Uniyu~]]

[Ah…… I’m sorry about this]

When I introduced the children after introducing myself, Allen and Elena suddenly hid behind my back . N~ With so many gazes on them, they aren’t able to do the greetings like they did with Rebecca-san, huh~ Well, there’s nothing I can do about that .

[Kuku . It’s fine . I won’t get upset at the young]

[Thank you for your generosity]

The King smiled warmly without blaming the children’s actions . When he makes such an expression, he looks even easier to talk with .

It really helps that he’s tolerant towards the children, but…… but you see~ it’s not like I’m able to hold a proper conversation either . Speaking with[desu][masu]is my limit . I don’t know the proper etiquette when speaking with a King~ Well, he’s aware that I’m just an adventurer, so I would want him to forgive me to a certain degree .

[I would like to reward you at once, but I have to speak with Risner first . Wait a moment please]

[Yes]

When I acknowledged, the King’s gaze fell upon Isaac-san who was next to me .

[Good work . You are one of the knights if I’m not mistaken?]

[He’s of the Royal Guards, isn’t he?]

Eh? Isaac-san was a Royal Guard? I, I didn’t know……

Surprised by the prime minister’s words, I turned my head towards Isaac-san without thinking .

That reminds me, I didn’t hear the reason why Isaac-san was transferred from Shirin to the Royal Capital~ Hee~ So he became a Royal Guard . Royal Guard basically means the elite, right? That’s amazing .

N? Wald-sama is in the hall as a guard too, but the color of the uniform he’s wearing changed from dark blue to white . Because the knights I saw on the way and the knights at the door were wearing the familiar dark blue uniforms it doesn’t seem that the knights on the castle duty wear white uniforms……

Then, are those in white uniforms the Royal Guards……? Ehh!? Then, Wald-sama became a Royal Guard too?

Should we celebrate their promotion? N~ Let’s consult Matthias-san and Rebecca-san when this is over .

[Yes . I have become one of the Royal Guards the other day, my name is Isaac Risner . Originally, my elder brother who is the Risner Feudal Lord should have come, but I came in his place . First of all, I apologize in the Feudal Lord’s stead for he couldn’t come personally]

[It’s absolutely necessary to settle down the newly discovered dungeon in the Risner territory as soon as possible . It would be foolish for the feudal lord Count Risner to leave his territory at this important time . Don’t mind it]

While I was deep in thoughts, the conversation between the King and Isaac-san advanced .

Isaac-san has gotten permission to come in Cedric-san’s stead prior to his visit, but this exchange is apparently necessary for the other nobles to hear .

When the typical greetings finished, Isaac-san reported about the Dungeon of Ripples, including the information he obtained beforehand . Well, this was also to inform the people gathered in the hall .

[Continue working hard for the country in the future]

[Yes, I’m willing to serve]

[Hmm . Takumi-dono, sorry to keep you waiting . Well then, shall we talk about the rewards?]

The report ended with truly harmless and bland information .

And then, we moved to talk about our rewards .




Chapter 107

[Before that Your Majesty, I have something I would like to ask if you allow it]

[Fumu, I don’t mind . What is it?]

With His Majesty’s permission, I decided to confirm what was on my mind all this time .

[Erm…… do you have some other guards besides those standing near the walls, I wonder? There are several people who in hiding who are watching us, but?]

[What? Is that the truth!?]

Huh? His Majesty appears to be shocked?

I looked at the prime minister because of His Majesty’s panicked state, but he also appears to be unaware as he was shaking his head .

[Takumi-dono, is what you said just now the truth? Is it not just your misunderstanding?]

The prime minister seems to think that it was just my imagination .

[That’s unlikely]

From the looks of the two, it doesn’t seem like the two are just trying to distract me from the existences within the shadows…… n~ If they are not His Majesty’s pieces, then spies?

Ah but, they might not be foreign spies, but spies of this country’s nobles?

[There~]

[Over there too~]

[Ah…… yeah, that’s right]

Allen and Elena have naturally noticed the existences within the shadows . They are pointing with their fingers at them……

First of all, I pat the two’s heads and lower their pointing hands .

The people within the shadows showed some movements when the two pointed at them with their fingers, but…… they didn’t leave . Their place was accurately pinpointed, but are they thinking it will be all right because it was kids who did it?

However, I don’t know when will they escape, so I knead my magical power into the wind and send it towards them so I could restrict them anytime . Now then, what are we going to do from now on?

[…… It wouldn’t be good to leave them as they are, right?]

[Takumi-san, would you be able to capture them? We don’t know whose subordinates they are, so I would like to ask if you could capture them without killing if possible]

When I asked Isaac-san who was next to me in a low voice, he asked me to capture them alive .

[Well, there’s only three so I will manage somehow]

I entwine the wind I sent in around the targets and restrict them in order to prevent their escape .

[Umm…… Wald-sama, there’s one on the left behind His Majesty, can I leave it to you?]

[…… Oh, I see . Leave it to me]

The restriction was a success, but because he was on the platform and right behind His Majesty at that, I couldn’t possibly capture that person myself, so I asked Wald-sama to capture him .

Wald-sama explained only simply, but he still received His Majesty’s permission, so he moved into action .

[Your Majesty, Prime Minister, someone is certainly here]

[Guh]

Wald-sama dragged along a person who was completely dressed in black . His consciousness didn’t seem to completely recover, so he let out a groan when Wald-sama constricted him .

[To truly be there……]

Understanding that it was the truth that people were lurking around, shocked voices leaked from the surroundings .

[There are two more in the ceiling, but…… from where can you enter above the ceiling?]

[Is it safe to go secure those people?]

[Yes, they have been restricted with magic so they won’t escape, but it should be fine if you take into consideration that they are still conscious……]

[I understand]

The prime minister quickly gave instructions and the knights went to capture the men in black .

Because this and that, the hall was in an uproar for a while . I think it’s because we have shown our abilities in such weird place, but there are more gazes on us than when we have entered .

The spies didn’t show any bloodthirst, so they must have been there to gather intelligence . That’s why it might have been fine to leave them alone, but I couldn’t help but be concerned about the hidden gazes~

I would rather be surrounded by the gazes of the people in the hall . Is what I thought, but…… as I thought, those are also annoying in their own way~

[Your Majesty, Prime Minister, we have safely captured them]

[Good work]

A short time later, the Knights came back with the two restricted men . It seems the men above the ceiling were safely captured .

[So they also were in there]

[…… It appears that way]

His Majesty and the prime minister let out sighs .

[Takumi-dono, sorry for the trouble]

[Forgive us for doubting you]

[Ah, no . I have said something so abrupt all of sudden, so I believe your judgment was inevitable]

I got apologized to . They are people of a great status, but they are not haughty at all . Generally, someone of their status would be definitely doubtful of everything . Well~ they give off a good feeling~

[I’m thankful you said so]

[At any rate, Takumi-dono . It appears that you are used to dealing with people who lurk in the shadows]

Ah~ they would ask about that after all~

[I was able to distinguish their presences]

[Presences, huh…… that’s incredible]

[I see . As expected of a high-ranked adventurer]

His Majesty and the prime minister seem to have quickly accepted it . But, at that time--

[Your Majesty! To distinguish the presences of those hidden in shadows, that’s by no means possible! That person is surely lying! He surely discovered the spies he prepared himself to do a meritorious deed in front of His Majesty!]

[……]

A short and stout man stepped forward and started criticizing me .

Lying, he said…… how rude~ I have skills like【Presence Detection】and【Detection】, so I’m able to completely deny his accusations……

[Count Tugal, you mustn’t say something like that without evidence]

[Indeed . I don’t think it’s a good idea to decide that by yourself]

The short and stout man is apparently a count . Unexpectedly a high-ranked noble . Rather, aren’t most of the nobles here high-ranked?

Still…… he’s accusing me of performing a part in my own play to do a meritorious deed, but I, unfortunately, don’t have any motive for that . As of now, I don’t think of buttering up the country or His Majesty .

In the first place, isn’t there a considerable amount of risk by catching your own spies?

There is nobody who would accept a job on the assumption that he will get caught and had to become a sacrificial pawn in silence . Well, “Anything for my Master!” subordinates exist, so it’s quite possible, but still…… he’s currently suspicious that I’m playing a part in my own play, so this is unrelated at the moment .

Rather, in this case, the person who tries to accuse others is more suspicious . I mean--

[Isn’t it almost as if his spies got caught, so he’s hurrying to place the crime on others?]

When I absentmindedly whisper without thinking, the surrounding gazes focus on me for a moment and then all move at Count Tugal .

I intended to say it in a low voice, but the audience hall was silent, so it resounded rather well .

[I, it isn’t me!!]

[…… Count Tugal?]

[T, that’s a false accusation!!]

Count Tugal started panicking when all of the gazes gathered at him and begun insisting on his innocence . Nobody said anything, though……

[Eh, Your Majesty!]

Count Tugal desperately appealed to His Majesty, but this desperateness made him seem even more suspicious .

[Your Majesty, it would be all right to interrogate the captured people in detail, yes?]

[Yes . Take those guys with you and investigate their backgrounds]

[Ha]

His Majesty nodded to the prime minister’s words and the Knights took the three restricted men out of the audience hall .

[Count Tugal, take the responsibility of carelessly causing a disturbance in this place and leave for today]

[…… !!]

With His Majesty’s order, Count Tugal unwillingly left the hall . I felt that he glared at me for a moment when he was leaving…… it would be nice if we didn’t get dragged into something troublesome later, but……




Chapter 108

[I intended to reward you for discovering a dungeon, but…… you have participated in arresting an illegal merchant in the Gaya Forest . And now you have apprehended spies . We have to increase the rewards, don’t we……]

[That seems to be the case]

[Money won’t be enough for this…… fumu, what do we do?]

[……]

As Count Tugal said, the discovery of spies has become my meritorious deed . They, therefore, intend to add to the reward they planned to give me, but…… they really don’t have to~ I mean, I pointed those fellows out because their gazes annoyed me .

But, because it’s not like I can speak honestly here, I decided to wait in silence for the things to take its own course .

[Takumi-dono, how about it? Is there something you desire?]

[…… No, nothing in particular]

Just when I was going to carry through the indifference, His Majesty addressed me .

Something I desire, huh…… nothing that I would require from the country floats on my mind…… or does it?

[…… Ah!]

No, it’s not limited to “things”!

[It appears you came up with something . Speak]

[Is that all right?]

[I don’t mind . I won’t know if I can grant it to you until I hear what you have to say . However, I will remind you that impossible things are impossible]

Well, that is a just reasoning . I’m not trusted enough to the extent where they would immediately agree to my reckless demands . It would be better if you have said that from the beginning, that would be easier for me as well . Let’s give it a try and ask since there’s nothing to lose~

[In that case, would it be possible for me to request an authorization to decline an employment invitation from the nobility and answer to those with forcible measures in the same way?]

It would be bothersome if I was told[What do you think you are to decline a nobility’s request!]or[Disrespectful!]when declining an invitation . If possible, I would like a definite permission to counterattack if the opponent starts a fight too, but…… if the counterattack would be considered a legitimate self-defense, it will be easier to settle the matter afterward .

If this request gets accepted, avoiding trouble in the future would be slightly easier .

[Fumu…… I see . That is indeed a necessary thing . Let’s see…… first of all, let’s make both the Risner and Ruven families your guardianship . Both sides don’t mind, do you?]

[Matthias Ruven complies]

[Risner House as well]

[…… Eh?]

[Are you dissatisfied?]

[N, No! Not at all]

…… Huhh? Why did it turn into such a serious matter?

I thought he would tell me[Approved]or[Aye, alright]if he accepted my request, but he made the Ruven House and Risner House officially our guardianship for some reason . Well~ we get along with both families, but you see…… mmm~…… that was really unexpected .

[The two might be only of a count rank, but it’s better than entrusting you to a stranger, right? Also, let’s see…… Ruven House and Risner House, I give you the authority of the rank next to the Royal Family for Takumi-dono related matters . I don’t want to think that those above the rank of count would cause trouble, but just in case . With Count Risner being currently in his fief, I will entrust the full rights to Count Ruven for now . Keep that in mind]

[Certainly]

The authority of the rank next to the Royal Family means that even the opponents from the Ducal and Marquis houses would be silenced .

Still…… I can’t keep up with this dizzyingly advancing talk . While feeling a bit shook up, Isaac-san patted my shoulder .

[It will be fine, Takumi-san]

[Hee?]

[Nothing much will change]

[Yes?]

[It’s only that what my Elder brother did for you in Bailey, he now can do throughout the entire country]

[…… Haha]

Is this a good thing…… I wonder? No, it’s a good thing?

Yeah, I’m at loss just by minding it . Let’s just obediently accept it as if the annoying things in Guardia decreased .

[However…… that’s still not enough…… right, I will let you take one thing of your liking from the treasury . Well, except the objects we consider national treasures]

The surroundings became noisy with His Majesty’s words .

Next seems to be an item from the treasury . Ermm…… it should have ended with my request, though~

I mean, the authority next to the Royal Family, there was some noise because of those words, but a noise that can’t even be compared to that is happening . That means the treasury might have some considerably incredible items . Wow~ it seems like receiving something from there would cause a backlash .

[There are many armors, jewels and magic tools in the treasury . There should be something that would be to Takumi-dono’s liking]

[Eh, Your Majesty! Isn’t it a bit too much to give a reward from the treasury just for a dungeon discovery and the meritorious deed from a little while ago?]

Even if I don’t take anything, I would like to check what magic tools they have~ while carefreely thinking such, one of the noblemen raised his voice in objection . Then, other voices rose to follow after the first one .

Hmm~ as I thought, would it be better not to receive it?

[Did you not hear my words? His achievements are not only that]

[We heard . However!]

[A compensation for A-rank Evil Viper subjugation, isn’t one or two items from the treasury cheap?]

[Wha! Evil Viper!!]

I could hear[Town of Shirin]or[The origin of the Evil Viper material flowing through the market]whispers from the surroundings . Apparently, even though they were able to grasp the information of Evil Viper material flowing through the market, they weren’t able to track it back to me .

[Even though the place of the encounter was the Gaya Forest, it’s next by our country’s side . If not for Takumi-dono subjugating the Evil Viper, the knights who were sent on the expedition to the Gaya Forest would be annihilated . That would cause a serious damage to our country]

[T, that’s……]

Not being able to argue against His Majesty’s explanation, the noble raised a groaning voice .

[Well then, it’s decided . --Prime Minister]

[Yes . I will prepare a list later on and Takumi-dono will choose from among that, would that be all right with you?]

[Takumi-dono, you don’t mind, do you?]

[N, no]

…… I lost the timing to refuse .

Well, since the opposition from the surroundings decreased, would it be safe to accept?

[Takumi-dono, I have troubled you on this occasion . Receiving your reward in another room after this]

[Thank you very much]

When I lowered my head to express gratitude, His Majesty left the hall .

With this, the audience came to an end . I’m glad it ended safely(?) .




Chapter 109

The moment we left the audience hall, we were taken to some private room . After waiting there together with Isaac-san for a while, His Majesty and the prime minister who finished the audience a moment ago entered with a few knight guards . I have tried to stand up from the chair in a hurry, but I timidly sat back when His Majesty signaled me with his hand .

[There are no unnecessary eyes in here, so you can act as usual without worries . If you have something to say then say it without holding back]

[Thank you very much, Your Majesty]

[Fumu . This is not an official occasion, so I won’t mind if you call me Tristan]

[U, umm…… Your Majesty Tristan?]

When His Majesty sat facing me, his first words were about my attitude . Act as usual he said, even though this person is the head of a country…… is that fine? Moreover, I received permission to call him by name .

His Majesty’s gaze was saying “give it a try” and when I tried, an obvious frown formed on his face…… it seems he didn’t like it .

[…… Tristan-sama]

[Umu]

When I tried calling him again without using his title, his frown faded away in satisfaction .

What to say…… there are many friendly people among the Guardia country’s royalty and nobility? All the people I became friendly with wanted me to call them by their names…… No, there are people like Baron Gilbert who caused trouble in Shirin and Count Tugal, so it’s most likely just a coincidence .

[Conrad]

[Yes . Well then, Takumi-dono . First of all, please accept this]

“Who?” Is what I thought when Tristan-sama called the unfamiliar name, but it seems he was addressing the prime minister . Come to think of it, Ford must be his house’s name . Conrad must be his first name .

When the prime minister gave instructions to a knight holding a leather bag, gashari, such metallic noise resounded the moment he placed it on top of the table . It appears to be money, but there seems to be considerably a lot as the noise was quite loud .

[…… Isn’t there too many?]

There should be a considerable amount even if it was in gold coins…… there definitely aren’t large gold coins or platinum coins inside…… are they? I’m afraid to look .

[It’s a proper amount . Receive it without reserve]

Even if you say that, it’s not like I can receive it without reserve .

I turned my gaze towards Isaac-san to seek help, but Isaac-san disappeared from the place he was supposed to be at . He apparently moved to stay behind me in a casual manner when Tristan-sama and others entered .

[…… When did you move away?]

I seriously didn’t notice . I have thought so before, but…… does the Risner House has a【Stealth】skill that can’t be detected with my【Appraisal】?

Well, Tristan-sama and others who entered were on my mind while last time I was absorbed in thinking about curry so that might be it, but~

[Rather than that, Takumi-dono . It’s His Majesty’s kindness, receive it gratefully]

[…… Yes]

I couldn’t expect a help, so after thanking Tristan-sama and the prime minister once more, I put the leather bag on my person .

[Then, please receive this as well]

When I was about to confirm the money I received, the prime minister presented a palm-sized box next .

[Erm…… this is?]

[This is a medal of honor]

[T, thank you very much]

When I open the box and look inside, there was a platinum-colored medal .

It was about the size of the bottom of a juice can .

The pattern was of a lion which symbolizes the Guardia country . On the back, there were engraved accomplished exploits(?), dates, and name . The discovery of a dungeon was engraved on the back in my case .

Apparently, those who subjugate a dragon which attacked a town, or a person who saved many people with their healing, etc . receive such medal from the country . Being able to receive this medal is apparently a very honorable thing .

[And this would be the storage list of the treasury]

When thinking it was finally over, I was handed over the treasury’s catalog .

[Although this is the storage list, it can’t be taken out of the castle, so you have to either decide here or it will be prepared ahead of time on your next visit]

N~ there are many items on the list that was handed to me, so it’s difficult to decide just by skimming through . I might as well decide after a careful consideration .

However, Tristan-sama surely isn’t so free to wait on me until I decide, so would it be better to decide at a later date~?

[I’m sorry . It would take time to confirm what’s what, so it would be difficult to decide right away]

[Then, you don’t mind leaving this for later?]

[Yes . Let’s do that]

I returned the list for now .

[Fumu . Although on hold, all rewards have been handed over]

[Yes, thank you very much . Then, is it all right for me to go next? Originally, I planned to send a word first, but I wanted to bring it and hand it over personally since it’s an article of the dungeon……]

[Ohh, I’m grateful for that . Let’s take a look at once]

I didn’t think I could meet His Majesty in a private place like this, so I thought of having the item prepared by the official castle staff or ultimately by Isaac-san . But, when I brought up the subject because there was an opportunity to hand it over directly, Tristan-sama cheerfully accepted .

[This is it . Please, take a look]

I have taken out the bottled brandy from my《Infinite Storage》at once . For now, it’s one of the several bottles . I can’t display several bottles in here .

[What is it?]

[It’s alcohol called brandy]

[Hou, alcohol? It’s my first time hearing about alcohol with such name]

Tristan-sama must like alcohol as he looked at the bottle with great interest . But, at that time--

[[That, it’s not delish~]]

[Eh? You guys-!?]

[N?]

Allen and Elena made an unthinkable remark while pointing at the bottle I took out .

Since brandy is alcohol it certainly didn’t suit the two’s tastes, but I would like them to stop making such remarks in a place like this…… Tristan-sama is looking at the children with a wondering face .

[…… I, I’m sorry . Actually, there was an incident where the two tasted the alcohol when I took my eyes off of them…… umm, it’s a considerably strong alcohol, so it didn’t suit the children’s taste…… anyhow, it’s taste has been guaranteed]

I followed up the children’s words in panic .

I wouldn’t want His Majesty to think that I offered him something unappetizing after all!

[Ah, I see . Weak fruit wine aside, strong alcohol wouldn’t suit a child’s taste . Haha, so that’s why they made such statement]

Tristan-sama seemed to understand my explanation, so I was able to avoid a strange misunderstanding .

[So, is one of the Risner’s who guaranteed the taste?]

[Umm……]

[Yes, my elder brother tasted it beforehand and judged it wasn’t be lacking to be presented to His Majesty]

Isaac-san replied before me .

[Hou…… I’m looking forward to tasting it . Conrad, how about giving it a try with me tonight?]

[It seems to be precious, would that be all right?]

[Ah, I have prepared several bottles, so you can store it in a proper place later]

[Is what he said]

[Then, I will accept and partake]

It appears that Tristan-sama and the prime minister decided to drink tonight . I hope it will suit their tastes .

[Allen wants to eat cream bread~]

[Elena wants Anpan~]

Allen and Elena suddenly demanded snacks .

Because Tristan-sama and others throw off their strict auras, the two children’s normal mood returned .

[Cream bread? And Anpan? What is that? Judging by their names, they seem to be pastry, but……]

Tristan-sama reacted to Allen’s and Elena’s words again .

[Ah~ you see……--]

Tristan-sama said he would like to eat them when I explained what they are, so we had a pastry-tea time for some reason . Tristan-sama was very pleased with the pastry to a point of blank amazement, so I decided to teach the castle’s chefs .

…… I thought that there won’t be many opportunities to visit the castle again, but I seem to have made a few chances for a visit .




Chapter 110

The audience with the king finished, and we, who returned from the visit of the castle, decided to wander around the capital .

I decided to go to the clothing shop first to order the coats I promised to Allen and Elena .

This shop prepared the clothes for the audience . At that time, I was choosing from ready-made clothes, but the shop apparently works on orders from scratch .

[Welcome . --Oh my, customer is if I’m not mistaken Ruven House’s……]

[Yes, I was in your care the other day]

When we entered the store, a familiar middle-aged woman welcomed us .

She is the seamstress who adjusted the sizes of the clothes when choosing the clothes at the Ruven House and she’s also the wife of this shop’s manager .

[I’m glad I could be of help]

[I came with a tailoring request today . Those clothes were very comfortable to wear, so]

[Oh dear! Thank you very much . I’m glad you said so~]

When I praised the clothes from the other day, she smiled in delight .

[Then, what kind of article does the customer demands?]

[I would like to order a winter coat for these children]

[Coats, I see . Please, leave it to our shop by all means]

When the Mistress pleasantly agreed--

[Allen, Joule!]

[Elena, Feat!]

[Oh my?]

Allen and Elena cheerfully started insisting on the design of their coats .

But, the Mistress puzzledly tilted her head to the two’s words . Well, of course, the meaning won’t convey by saying “Joule” and “Feat” after all~

[I’m sorry . They want the same ears as animals attached to the hood]

[Then, Joule and Feat refers to names of your pets or something?]

[Yes, that’s right . Might I request to have it done?]

[Fufu . Of course, I will attach lovely ears to the hoods]

[Thank you very much . --Allen, Elena, she says that she will properly attach ears to the hoods]

[[Yay~]]

Eared hoods seems to be okay as well . When I told Allen and Elena that she will attach the ears, they raised both of their hands in delight .

[Well then, shall we chose the fabric first? Since we are talking about winter coats, then a thick skin with fur would be all right, yes? What would be good?]

[Ah, I have fur that I would like you to use, would you mind using that?]

[My? May I see what kind of fur it is?]

[Yes . Umm…… this is it]

I retrieved the Water Bear fur fron《Infinite Storage》and showed it to the Mistress .

[Is this perhaps…… Water Bear fur? How wonderful~ It’s quite impossible to find fur this big without any cuts]

[Is that so?]

[Yes, Water Bear fur has is water and cold resistant so it’s a material with a great affinity to coats, but they are always damaged during its subjugation . That’s why it’s rare to see one that is this undamaged . Furthermore, large furs are very bulky, right? Therefore, even if obtained, they are cut into smaller pieces in order to make them easier to carry]

I see . People who are able to use《Infinite Storage》are few and even if one has a magic bag, the bag’s capacity might not be enough for the fur . If that were the case, then you would want to make the bulky fur easier to carry .

[May I ask you where have you obtained an article this fine?]

[Sure . I obtained this in the Dungeon of Ripples]

[My, that’s if I’m not mistaken…… the recently rumored one?]

[That’s right . It’s from the newly discovered dungeon]

N? I suddenly have a thought…… for example, if you defeat a Water Bear in the dungeon by chopping it into pieces . At that time, will the dropped item of the fur be also chopped up into smaller pieces?

Or will you obtain a fur as large as we did?

N~ We fundamentally defeat monsters without injuring them too much, don’t we~ The method of defeating monsters might or might not have influence on drop items . I can’t help but be curious after such thought crossed my mind . Let’s verify it next time we enter a dungeon .

[I have obtained it there . I think it won’t be this early, but it’s possible materials from that dungeon will appear soon]

[My! That is a good news . Water Bears are monsters that don’t appear in Guardia that much, so it’s quite difficult to obtain their materials! I have to quickly send a person to Bailey to obtain them!]

Ah, but, we have started encountering Water Bears only at the fifteenth floor . I wonder what floor other adventurers have advanced to?

But well, although not detailed, I have reported information about the dungeon, so it should be fine?

Adventurers should be reaching the floor with the Water Bears soon . At that time, there’s no doubt that the materials will start circulating around the market .

[…… Erm]

[My, I’m sorry . Rather than that, the coats for these children, right? A fur this large will be enough for the two’s coats . What to do about the color? Should I keep it blue or do you want me to dye it with another color?]

[So it’s possible to dye it, I see]

[Yes, we have many dyes, so we can dye it in any color you would like]

Hee~ so they can dye it in any color we wish, huh~ I thought natural dyes would be mainstream in this world, but there seems to be another method . There should be colors that are impossible to make with natural dyes .

[Allen, Elena, you can apparently choose your favorite color of the coats . What color would you like them to be?]

[[Color~?]]

[That’s right]

[Joule’s?]

[Feat’s?]

Yeah, I should have known . They want to make it Joule-ish and Feat-ish in all aspects .

[I see . --I’m sorry, could you make them look as Fenrir and Celestial Tiger, respectively?]

[…… Eh? Customer…… you have talked about pets a little while ago, but are you keeping a Fenrir and a Celestial Tiger?]

[T, they are similar, extremely . It’s a bluish-white dog and white cat with black stripes!]

[Oh my, is that so?]

[Yes, that is so!]

Oopsy, close, so close . I was careless . But, I properly deceived her, right?

[Bluish-white might be difficult, right? Besides, white with black stripes might be troublesome…… I will pay as much as you ask for it, so could I ask you to do it?]

[It might take a while, but leave both of them to our shop please]

[Really!? Thank you very much!]

I’m glad . It seems I will be able to keep my promise with Allen and Elena .

[[Will make~?]]

[Yes, it will be complete before it gets cold, so look forward to it, okay?]

[[Un!]]

Allen and Elena were frolicking about the coats that will match Joule and Feat and showed sparkling smiles after hearing the Mistress’ words .

[Fufu, looks like I will have to make it with passion]

The Mistress looked at Allen’s and Elena’s smiles and closed her eyes as if smiling .

[Then, may I take the children’s measurements? I used only approximate size the last time, so I would like to take precise measurements]

[Yes, please do so . --Allen, Elena, your measurements need to be taken, so come over here~]

[[Yess~]]

The two lined up before the Mistress and she took their measurements .

[Yes, this is the last one . Thank you for your hard work]

[[Hard work~]]

[Allen, Elena . It’s: Thank you]

[[Thank you~]]

[Fufu . You are welcome]

When the measurements were taken, Allen and Elena turned towards the Mistress themselves and spoke to her .

They really grew over this short period of time, didn’t they~

[The children’s size will be fine with this . Is it fine for me not to make customer’s--Oniisama’s coat?]

[Ahh~…… Please make one for me as well . Would one piece of fur of the same size be all right?]

[Yes, it will, but…… you still have more?]

[Yes, I have a few--]

[Won’t you sell them to our store!?]

[……]

How many times have I been jumped because of the materials…… so it’s Water Bear fur this time, huh~

I said “a few” but I actually have quite a lot . However, well, rather than letting out so many, selling two or three shouldn’t be a problem, right?

Thinking such, including the piece for my coat, I took out three pieces of fur .

[My, my, my! How delightful~ I will make Customer’s order the top priority! Now then, let’s take Oniisama’s measurements!]

The Mistress who got excited by the furs I took out started taking my measurements .




Chapter 111

When leaving the store after negotiating the price, we resumed our stroll around the royal capital .

[Now then, where shall we go next?]

[[Ntone~ snacks~!]]

[Oh my? Are you hungry?]

[[N~? Hungry~?]]

[I see, then shall we eat something light?]

[[Un!]]

Although I said that, there are no stores that sell something to appease your stomach like sweets shop or coffee shop in this world .

[What to do……]

[[Dorayaki~]]

[Eh, you are fine with dorayaki?]

[[Un!]]

I see, dorayaki, huh? If it’s dorayaki then I have pre-made ones, let’s find some quiet place to eat~ While thinking such--

At that moment, I heard something akin to a lover’s quarrel coming from ahead of us .

[Isn’t it fine, Carna]

[No, it isn’t! Release me!]

It seems that a male, grey dog-man or maybe a wolf-man is obstinately trying to court a blonde, cute-looking girl . Well, she quite clearly rejected him, though .

The Beastmen of Aetherdia are a race with human appearances and animal ears and tails, so they look close to a race of cosplayers to me .

There are apparently Beastmen with animal head and limbs too, but that the result of Beastmen specific skill called【Beastification】 . This【Beastification】skill has stages, and at the first stage, they turn into human-looking, bipedaling beasts . They apparently turn completely into beasts at the second stage . The sense of hearing and smell during【Beastification】become sharper and their physical strenght increases, so the skill is commonly used during a battle .

Therefore, most of the beastman are in their human forms within the towns .

I would like to witness the moment of transformation from nearby once, but that’s an impossible talk without any beastmen friends .

[Kya!]

[Oopsy]

[I, I’m sorry]

[No, are you all right? You are not injured, are you?]

[I, I am fine]

The girl the beastman was approaching stumbled towards me, so I promptly caught her .

Eh, oh my? Those ears…… aren’t they little longer and pointer?

I was a bit curious, so when I used【Appraisal】, the girl’s race came up as Half-elf .

Elves, the indispensable race in fantasy . The characteristic fair-skin and long ears, a race that excels in magic, was it? This girl seems to be a mix of human and that very elven race .

[Oy, you! Don’t go touching Carna as you please!]

[!……]

The beastman tried to seize the half-elf’s, Carna’s, arm while shouting . That moment, a frightened expression floated on the girl’s face .

Seeing that, I avoided the beastman’s hand and hid the girl behind my back .

[Wha! What are you doing! Don’t get in our way!]

[No, the girl seems not to like it]

[That’s unrelated to you, isn’t it!]

The anger in the beastman’s voice increased even further .

[Hey . Erm…… Carna-san? Is he your friend, a lover or…… someone close to you? Have I done something unnecessary?]

[N, no! That person is just an acquaintance at maximum! He’s a bother who makes advances on me whenever we meet! I always try to clearly reject him, but he quite doesn’t give up…… Today, he’s more pushy than usual . I can’t win when it comes to strength after all . But, it’s not like I can use magic inside the town……]

Yeah, he’s already close to being a stalker .

Nevertheless, Carna-san seems like a docile child, but she might be surprisingly a strong-willed one . She intended to intercept using magic depending on the surroundings too .

Now then, now then, what should I do about this? I thought of avoiding troublesome things, but it’s not like I can leave this matter aside now that I got involved in it .

[She said that you are bothering her, don’t you think that you should give up?]

[What is an outsider who butted into our matter saying!]

[N~ Isn’t the reason an outsider, me, butted in because your actions are intolerable?]

[What’d you say! So noisy!!]

First, I tried persuading the beastman so the things wouldn’t become more serious, but he has completely lost his cool and turned deaf ear to me . Far from that, I’m certain that he will result to violence at this rate .

[Oy, Carna! It was me who took care of you just when you became an adventurer!]

Oh my? The two are apparently of the same occupation .

Looking at this beastman, I recall the person who got knocked out in the Shirin’s guild~ What was his name again? Umm… ahh, that’s right! Dominic! Woah~ how nostalgic~ I wonder what happened to that person in the end?

[You have just put on a patronizing air on your own! Don’t say that you are expecting gratitude in return!]

[Haa~!? Stop joking around, Carna!!]

[I’m not joking around . I mean, I wasn’t taught a single thing by you]

--Ah, this is not the time to be recalling the past .

I just left them alone for a little bit and the two’s dispute heated up even more .

[Hey, hey, you two calm down a little]

[But~]

Carna-san stopped when I called out, but she had a dissatisfied expression .

[[Defeat~?]]

[Now, now, Allen, Elena, you mustn’t]

[[Uniyu~]]

[There, calm down]

Allen and Elena were quiet, but they entered battle mode after recognizing the beastman as an enemy, so I had to soothe them in a hurry .

[Ehh!? H, huh? Are these children your company?]

[Yeah, that’s right . They are my younger siblings]

Carna-san didn’t seem to notice Allen and Elena who clung to my legs up until now, so she suddenly leaked out a surprised voice .

[There’s quite large age difference, isn’t there? --What am I saying, that’s not it! These children said something about defeating, didn’t they!]

[Ahh…… that’s right . But, I would be happy if you pretended you didn’t hear that]

[Eh, but……]

Although Carna-san was startled by the existence of the two, she apparently heard their remark very clearly .

But, is it an essential quality of adventurer not to miss any information? I should follow her example!

[Oy! Don’t be ignoring me now!]

Ah, I completely forgot about him .

[Sorry, sorry . So, have you decided to give up?]

[I told you! Why do you have to be concerned about that! This is Carna’s and my problem, ain’t it!!]

[Ah~……]

Yeah, somehow…… we have returned back to the beginning~

[In the first place, because you have butted in, things got complicated even though it went so smoothly!!]

[Even if you say that……]

What “complicated” is he talking about? I don’t think that things would go smoothly for him and Carna-san if I wasn’t in this place either……

[Duel me!]

[No, I don’t think it’s a good idea to propose a duel to a woman……]

[Not Carna, you, I’m talking to you!]

[Haa? With me!? Why!?]

No, no, no, how did it turn out like this!?

[It’s all your fault! Take responsibility and have a match with me!]

Ehーーーーー!?




Chapter 112

We have just moved to the Adventurer’s Guild’s practice grounds .

When the beastman brought us to the practice grounds, he went to get the guild’s staff, so he’s currently not here .

[Carna-san, how did it turn out like this?]

I wasn’t able to possibly walk away in silence after seeing an unwilling woman being forcefully pushed by a man and intended to mediate between the two, but…… it became a duel between me and the beastman for some reason .

…… Really, why did it become like this? I thought of stopping by the Adventurer’s Guild, but not in this fashion .

Moreover, it isn’t a trivial matter from the beastman’s mood as curious onlookers started gathering when he went inside the guild .

[I wonder? Ah, you can call me Carna . Also, although a bit too late, may I know your names?]

[Ah, right . I’m Takumi . These children are Allen and Elena . Best regards]

I got to know her name during the conversation but noticing that we haven’t introduced ourselves, I greeted her again .

[I am Allen]

[I am Elena]

[[Best regards~?]]

Following after me, Allen and Elena cheerfully introduced themselves . However, the two looked at me puzzledly while tilting their heads when saying[Best regards] .

It seems that because I only thought them to say[Hello]while introducing themselves in the Ruven House, they found my[Best regards]strange .

When I patted the heads of the two who were troubled about the meaning, they smiled .

[Wow, so cute . Hey, that’s not the time! Takumi-san, I’m sorry for getting you involved . Allen-kun and Elena-chan too, I’m sorry]

Carna-san smiled broadly when looking at Allen and Elena, but she immediately got dejected .

[Well, Carna-san is not in the wrong]

[Carna]

[N?]

[Call me Carna!]

[But, Carna-san calls me with “-san” too, don’t you?]

[That’s that!]

[……]

As I thought, Carna-san is the strong-willed type . Her pushes are strong .

[I got it, Carna . --Is this fine?]

[Yeah!]

When I tried to call her name, Carna smiled delightfully .

[So, is Takumi-san going to accept the duel?]

[Ah~ I think so? It doesn’t look like I could decline]

To be frank, although I don’t know the beastman’s strength, I think I will be all right even if I don’t have worries like “I might lose” . Therefore, it would be better to obediently accept the duel to finish things smoother~

[Allen will defeat~!]

[Elena will defeat~!]

[N~ the opponent called me for a fight, so you two mustn’t fight him~]

[[Muu~]]

As every time, Allen and Elena are full of willingness to fight .

However, when I told them that I can’t let them participate in today’s duel, the two’s cheeks inflated in dissatisfaction .

[[Onii~ chan, dorayaki~]]

After a while of pouting, Allen and Elena demanded a snack .

[Ahh, sorry, sorry . Here, sit there and eat up]

[[Un!]]

Which reminds me, I was about to give them snacks because their bellies were empty .

I retrieved chairs from the《Infinite Storage》in a hurry and handed the two dorayaki . Then, the sulking expressions of Allen and Elena took a complete turn and they joyfully stuffed their cheeks with dorayaki .

[Takumi-san, what is that? The children are eating it very deliciously though……]

[[It’s delish~!]]

[……]

I felt Carna’s piercing gaze of greed .

[Does Carna want to eat too?]

[Is it okay!? I want to eat!]

[I don’t mind . Here you go]

[Thank you♪--Ngu]

She was looking too much, so when I asked if she wants dorayaki too, she immediately replied . So, when I handed dorayaki to Carna, she instantly stuffed her cheeks .

[Nn~ delicious~!!]

[I’m glad it suits your tastes]

[The dark thing sandwiched between is really good . What is this thing called?]

[It’s called dorayaki, the stuffing is red bean paste]

[Dorayaki? First time hearing such name]

[Umm, if I’m not mistaken… it’s a food modeled after a “dora” so it’s called dorayaki, I think?]

[Hee~ “dora” yaki, huh~ it’s really tasty~]

While the children + Carna were eating dorayaki, the beastman returned together with a man wearing the guild’s uniform…… he’s making a very dissatisfied expression for some reason .

[…… Oy . What are you doing!?]

[N? What you ask, letting the children eat a snack?]

[I’m not talking about that-! I’m asking you why are you glossing over the duel with me so much!]

[That’s because I was about to give the children snacks when I got involved in your business after all~]

It appears that he can’t stomach me giving priority to Allen and Elena . However, a snack time is important for children, so I don’t intend yielding in this matter .

[Raizel, I agreed to be the referee, but a duel is something that can be held only between adventurers . It’s unreasonable of you to involve ordinary people!]

[It’s fine as long as you give him the registration!]

[You……]

At that moment, the beastman--Raizel raised his voice at the guild staff member in blame .

There seems to be a rule that duels within the guild can be held only between the adventurers, but…… well, it seems that I don’t look like an adventurer .

[Ah~…… excuse me . I’m pretty much registered as an adventurer]

[What!?]

[Hmph . Then there’s no problem!]

When I conveyed that I’m an adventurer, the guild staff member was surprised, while Raizel looked at me with suspicion, but he didn’t say more as it was convenient to him .

[Umm…… you]

[Ah, I’m called Takumi . You will be refereeing? Thank you in advance]

[Takumi-kun, are you really fine with that? Raizel is a short-tempered guy, but he has some ability, you know?]

Hee~ Raizel seems to be strong enough for the guild staff member to worry about me .

[Well, I will manage somehow?]

[Oy, oy, it will become terrible for you if you get in it with such light feelings]

[It’s my own responsibility no matter what happens, I don’t mind]

[I won’t say anymore if you think such . Well, do your best]

The guild staff member consented with my final words and moved to the center of the practice grounds .

[Then, Allen and Elena be good children and wait for me here, okay?]

[[Yess~]]

Raizel moved to the center as well, so I handed fruit water to Allen and Elena and moved to stand opposite to Raizel .

[Oh, a duel? Who is fighting?]

[It’s Raizel]

The curious onlookers gathered and the surroundings became noisy .

[Raizel? B-rank[Ash Wolf]Raizel? Who is the reckless opponent?]

[That fellow, him]

[Haa? That delicate-looking man?]

[Yeah . Isn’t the victor in plain sight? This isn’t even a gamble]

[Well~ anyone who mixed with Raizel would bet on him]

…… Somehow, I hear the most terrible remarks about myself I heard so far .

Rather, don’t go selfishly gambling on us . Well, I don’t look that strong, so the bets seem to be on Raizel who even apparently got a nickname……

[Listen . Weapons and magic are allowed, there’s no time limit . The victor is decided when one loses consciousness or admits defeat . And also when I, the referee, declares the result . Attacks that could kill the opponent are prohibited . Attacks that could destroy the practice grounds are prohibited . I, Dewitt, will act as the referee]

When Raizel took his position, the refereeing guild staff member--Dewitt-san explained the rules . It appears the rules are close to “anything goes” .

[Are there any questions?]

[No]

[I have none]

When Dewitt-san lastly confirmed, the two of us had no objections .

Raizel put on some steel cover that reached from his wrists up to his elbows . It appears to be equipment for hand-to-hand fighting .

Fully motivated, I believe Raizel will spring towards me simultaneously with the start signal .

[Are you ready? Then, begin!]

Dewitt-san gave the signal to start .




Chapter 113

[Ora!]

Immediately after Dewitt-san’s signal, Raizel plunged straight towards me just as I thought . Whether it’s because he’s a beastman, his acceleration was faster that I imagined . But well, Allen and Elena are faster .

When I took a step to the side, Raizel passed by me . It seems that he is unable to change his trajectory midway because of the speed . If it was Allen and Elena, far from changing a trajectory midway, they would ridiculously change the direction they are going in .

Well, as expected wouldn’t comparing the two to Raizel be too pitiful for him?

[Hoo~ you dodged that? But, that was just a fluke, wasn’t it? It’s not over yet!]

Raizel who turned around had an expression of surprise for a moment, but thinking that it wasn’t my intention to dodge but just a fluke, he showed an unyielding smile and plunged towards me yet again .

[《Air Shot》]

With the intention of a test, I shot a light magic at the plunging Raizel .

[--Guah!!]

[…… Huh?]

[…………]

However, the magic I shot splendidly landed on Raizel directly and he got blown off backward . And then, he crushed into the practice ground’s wall and stopped moving .

I intended to burn a little bit of his skin, so I thought of driving Raizel into the corner bit-by-bit, but…… it appears I finished it in an instant .

Although it was noisy until a little while ago, the surroundings are currently wrapped in silence .

[O, oy!?]

Dewitt-san rushed over to Raizel in panic and confirmed his well-being .

He’s fine, right? He’s alive, right? Rather, I don’t recall shooting such strong magic!?

[…… He’s just unconscious . There are no conspicuous external wounds either]

…… I, I’m glad~

I was seriously relieved by Dewitt-san’s words .

[Victor, Takumi!]

Dewitt-san who confirmed that Raizel only fainted declared my victory .

He then called people over and had Raizel carried away .

Still…… how did it become like this? I really planned on using magic very lightly . I mean, I just tried to test it out .

And yet, a person with a considerable strength got splendidly blown away .

Even after trying to find out the reason, I can’t come up with anything~ Now then, what do I do……

[He insta-killed[Ash Wolf]?]

[…… Seriously?]

[Can someone be this strong!? It’s a trickery!]

[What was that magic just now!?]

[Uoーーー! I would have made a killing if I had bet on him~~~]

I heard surprised and confused voices from the surroundings .

Even though nobody predicted my victory, Raizel has been dealt with in an instant instead . There are several people looking at me with stupefaction .

But, the last person! Don’t you grieve about not making a profit!

[[Onii~ chan, victory~!]]

[Oopsy]

Allen and Elena rushed over and jumped towards me with a great vigor .

[Hey, Takumi-san!! What was that? What just happened? Aren’t you tremendously strong!! Why didn’t you say anything!?]

Carna who rushed over a little later came with a barrage of questions .

[W, wait, Carna, calm down~]

[Calm down, you say? That’s obviously impossible, isn’t it? There’s no way I can calm down after seeing you defeat Raizel so easily!]

Carna is too excited as I can’t seem to be able to calm her down .

Far from that, she grabbed me by the collar and vigorously shook with me .

[[Calm down~!]]

[Eh?]

[Allen? Elena?]

While a little bit troubled about Carna, Allen and Elena who were in my arms frowned a little and fired slightly stronger words . Carna was dumbfounded by the two’s words .

I also couldn’t hide my surprise at the two’s unusual behavior .

[[Calmed down~?]]

[…… Y, yes . I calmed down . T, thank you?]

[[Un]]

When Carna calmed down, the two showed whole-faced smiles .

[Allen, Elena]

[[Uniyu?]]

[What’s up with you two all of sudden?]

[[Onii~ chan, troubled~]]

[Eh? Because I was troubled?]

[[Un!]]

Allen and Elena told Carna to calm down because I was troubled?

Uwa~ I’m impressed a little, but~~~

[I see~ Allen, Elena, thank you~]

[[Kya, kya]]

I lowered Allen and Elena on the ground and patted the two’s heads with all my heart .

[…… Umm, Takumi-san, I’m sorry . The shock I received was too devastating, so……]

[Ah, yeah, don’t mind it . I didn’t tell you anything after all]

Thanks to the children, Carna has completely calmed down and regained presence of mind .

[Seriously . It’s me who got you involved in this strife, but I wouldn’t be this shaken up if you told me at least a little! I was really worried because I’m aware of Raizel strenght]

[Ah, sorry about tha--]

--Bang!!

Just when I was trying to apologize to Carna, the practice ground’s door vigorously opened and a woman in her forties dressed in the guild staff member outfit rushed inside in a flustered state . After looking restlessly around, she walked towards us .

[Huh? Why are you so fluste--]

[Oh my, Carna . It seems it turned into something troublesome . However, we will talk later . I have no time to talk with you at the moment]

That woman seems to be Carna’s acquaintance . Well, she’s the guild’s staff member so it might be only given that they are acquaintances . But, the woman avoided talking with Carna .

And then--

[Are you Takumi-san? Were you perhaps in Bailey before coming to the Royal Capital?]

Nodding after taking a look at my and the children’s faces, she spoke to us .

She, for some reason, knew that we came from Bailey .

[You know about us?]

[Yes, I do . I was told to immediately bring you to Guild Master were you to come here . Therefore, would you please come with me?]

[Yes?]

I have never been involved with the Royal Capital’s Guild Master, but…… why is a person I have never met concerned about me…… what is the talk going to be about?

[N~ It’s only natural for you to have many questions, but we can’t talk about that in here . Therefore, please!!]

I must have had a really curious expression . The woman put her hands together in front of her face and earnestly requested for us to come with her .

[…… Erm, you will explain when we move places, right?]

[Of course . Everything will be explained properly]

[I understand]

[Really? Thank you!]

When I acknowledged, the woman seemed very delighted .

[Then, shall we go!]

[Eh!? Do you really need to go right now?]

[Yeah . Then, Carna, I’m sorry but I will be borrowing Takumi-san]

[Ehh!? Wait a mo--]

[Now, Takumi-san, let’s go]

After the woman simply dismissed Carna, she urged us out of the practice grounds and brought us to the Guild Master’s office .




Chapter 114

We have met with the Guild Master immediately, but--

[Master, Takumi-san has arrived]

[Good work, Keimi . So, you are Takumi-kun? Also, Allen-kun and Elena-san? How do you do, I’m the Guild Master Andy]

Young . I thought so the moment Andy called himself the Guild Master .

I mean, isn’t he just a young man slightly older than me? To be a Guild Master at the Capital at such age?

The Capital’s Guild Master is supposed to be an existence that manages all masters of the Adventurer Guilds spread throughout the country, right? Ah, his ears are slightly pointy, is Andy-san perhaps an Elf?

Thinking so, I promptly used【Appraisal】, but his race indicated that he’s a human .

Ah! But, his age! …… 45 years old…… for real?

[Takumi-kun, what’s the matter?]

[What’s the matter you ask, he’s obviously surprised by your face . Isn’t that right, Takumi-san?]

Indeed, it’s as the female staff member--Keimi-san said, but…… I’m surprised by Keimi-san’s casual attitude towards the Guild Master~

[The people who meet Guild Master for the first time get startled by how young he looks . This person’s appearances haven’t changed since his twenties~ He’s a monster, a monster I say]

[A monster you say, my wife sure is cruel~ Even though you know it’s because of the blood of the Elves in my ancestry~]

[Eh!? Wife!?]

So Keimi-san was the Guild Master’s wife, huh . That’s why she’s so casual with him, I see~ Nevertheless, a monster, huh…… that’s not a word you should use for your own husband, isn’t it~

Still, since the Guild Master’s--Andy-san’s ancestors were Elves, then his appearances are related to atavism?

[Ahh, sorry about that . Let me introduce myself again, my name is Keimi . I’m this person’s wife~ Also, thank you for helping Carna . That child, she’s my daughter]

[Eeh!?]

Carna? Eh!? She’s talking about Carna, the Half-Elf that was with me until now, right? She isn’t talking about some other Carna, is she?

A human with Elvish appearances far younger than his actual age, Andy-san and a human who looks appropriate for her age Keimi-san . The daughter the two conceived is a Half-Elf?

[Umm, is Carna-san same as Andy-san with a deep Elven blood then?]

[Yeah, something like that . Elves and Half-Elves are occasionally born in my family lineage . It was only appearances in my case as my abilities aren’t different from other humans and my life-span should also be the same . On the contrary, Carna inherited a deep Elven blood . We have another daughter called Miki, but that child’s appearances and race are that of a human~ Heredity really is mysterious, isn’t it~]

Truly amazing~ Atavism is something that can appear so conspicuously, huh~

[And so, Carna was helped by Takumi-kun? Did something happen?]

[That child, she was apparently approached by Raizel again~ It seems Takumi-san has helped her with that]

[Again? Even thought Raizel is quite excellent as an adventurer~]

Oh my? The short-tempered Raizel is unexpectedly an excellent adventurer .

Ah but, someone said at the practice grounds that Raizel is[B-rank] . In that case, there’s no doubt that he’s an excellent figure, huh~ If not, he wouldn’t become B-rank .

Love is blind…… does he looks his ability to judge when it comes to Carna? I unexpectedly feel like that’s the case~

[Well, parents shouldn’t meddle with their child’s love~ Rather than that Dear, we strayed off the topic and talked about our family’s circumstances, but shouldn’t we return to the main topic soon?]

[Ah, you’re right]

Reminded by Keimi-san’s words, Andy-san’s facial expression tightened and he faced me again .

[Takumi-kun, about the reason you were called here…… you have been very inconvenienced at Bailey . I’m truly sorry for that]

[Takumi-san, I apologize to you as a staff of similar post . I’m truly sorry ]

And, together with the words of apology, Andy-san and Keimi-san lowered their heads .

The reason I was called here was that of the happenings in Bailey’s Adventurer’s Guild--to apologize for the Miss Receptionist who revealed that I have discovered a new dungeon .

I have made sure not to get involved with Bailey’s Adventurer’s Guild to best of my abilities, so I have completely forgotten about that .

[Even if Andy-san has the position to oversee all of the Adventurer’s Guilds in the country, the one responsible for that incident should have been Bailey’s staff]

[No, no, Takumi-san, the disclosure of information is a serious matter . It’s a matter I should be completely responsible for]

[That’s right~ For a receptionist to shout out one’s personal information, that is something that should never happen~]

I intended to put that matter to rest at Bailey, but it seems that wasn’t the case .

[Is that so? I thank you for your trouble then]

[Originally, I should have gone personally to apologize, but I had no time to visit Bailey . I heard that you arrived at the Capital, moreover, you visited the guild, so that’s when I thought of calling you to apologize]

[No, no, I’d rather not . If you went to Bailey expressly for me, it would make me feel bad instead]

It can’t be helped that I felt extremely uncomfortable when Andy-san said that he wanted to go to Bailey to apologize to me .

[Is that so?]

[Yes . I accept Andy-san’s and Keimi-san’s apology . It’s fine as long as you take care so there’s not next time]

[That’s only natural]

[Currently, I’m in the midst of notifying all guilds to be thorough in regards to the information management]

If they are re-examining information management, then I can feel a bit at peace .

[At any rate, I’m glad . I was nervous that Takumi-kun might be disgusted with the Adventurer’s Guild itself and become distant from the Adventurer activity, but it doesn’t seem like that from what I have seen~]

[Eh? I’m just one among many, aren’t I?]

[What are you saying? If Takumi-kun stopped Adventurer activities, it would be a great loss for the guild]

[…… Is that because I’m A-rank?]

[That too . However, the biggest reason would be the materials the guild is receiving from Takumi-kun . The materials the guild receives from Takumi-kun are all superior articles after all . There were the materials from Gaya Forest in Shirin too, but you are courteous in your work to collect even the low-rank herbs . An adventurer like that is like a treasure for us]

I see, rather than rank, they seem to be looking at one’s disposition .

[However, you who have sold many materials like that in Shirin haven’t received a single request in Bailey, right?]

[…… Ah, that is certainly true, isn’t it?]

I certainly didn’t want to approach Bailey’s Adventurer’s Guild that much, so I haven’t received a single request .

…… Nevertheless, not only Bailey, they investigated about our activities in Shirin quite well too . Well, when speaking of commonplace then this should be it .

[Hearing a report like that, I felt really uneasy~]

[I’m sorry about that . I have my thoughts about Bailey, so……]

[So it’s like that as I thought]

[Yes . But, I think of received requests here if we have time . The children enjoy picking herbs too]

[[Herbs~ will pick~]]

When I showed my intention to accept requests in the Capital, Allen and Elena showed willingness too .

Seeing the two’s attitude, Andy-san and Keimi-san showed smiles .

[Really? I’m looking forward to that . We will be relying on you]

[[Un!]]

[There are far more people in the Capital, so even low-ranked monsters or any monsters which meat can be eaten are very welcome]

As I thought~ with many people, that much more food is needed after all . The price for monster meat might be quite good in this place .

[[Pigs~?]]

[N? Pig? Are you talking about domesticated pigs?]

[No, the two are talking about Orcs]

The[Pigs]the two are talking about are Orcs . Ah, don’t they call Giant Boar like that too? But, most recently, they addressed the Orcs they defeated in Alveil as[Pigs], so I believe they are talking about Orcs .

[Orcs? Orc meat is delicious, isn’t it? I welcome Orc meat anytime . I would like to get as many as possible by all means, but they are too dangerous, so Allen-kun and Elena-san shouldn’t approach them, okay?]

[Allen, can defeat~]

[Elena can defeat too~]

[[Ehh~!?]]

Andy-san and Keimi-san raised their voices in surprise at Allen’s and Elena’s words .

[I’m aware that the children were ranked[D], but wasn’t that because of the gathering requests and Takumi-kun’s achievements?]

[Wait a moment, Dear . Even if the children’s true strength was that of D-rank, it would still e impossible for them to defeat an Orc!]

It appears that even the Guild didn’t receive details regarding the advancement of the children’s rank .

That being the case, I think it would normally be as Andy-san and their rank would have increased because of the gathering requests, being partied with me and my achievements .

[[Can defeatmon!]]

I know of Allen’s and Elena’s strength, but…… the two have recently come to dislike being compared to weak children and started putting a great emphasis on their growth . But well, we have officially obtained a backing, so it would be fine without unreasonably concealing their strength anymore, right?

[[Takumi-kun, how is it in actuality?]]

Andy-san and Keimi-san who were discussing finally decided to ask me directly . They inquired in unison .

[They can]

[[That is incredible]]

When I answered frankly, the two spoke in admiration .

[I have several Orcs we just defeated on me, would you like to purchase them?]

Since it’s a good opportunity, I will have them take several Orcs we defeated in Alveil from me . Even though Orc meat might be tasty, it’s not an amount we could finish by ourselves~

Ah, should I ask them for the dismantling of the Orc General while at it? I somehow don’t have time to do it myself . However, I would like to try Orc General meat soon . I will sell the skin as material,

[Of course, we will purchase them with delight! Also, I forgot to say this, but…… as an apology for that incident, the guild will pay extra 10% for one year when you sell to us . I’m sorry that we are able to repay you only in this manner, but please use it as much as you please]

[Ehh?]

In my case, when I sell herbs or monster material to the guild, it turns into a considerable amount of money every time . To add extra 10% to that every time…… it will become an enormous amount . But well, since it’s to apologize, I will gratefully accept~




Chapter 115

After asking for the dismantlement of the Orc General, we decided to leave the Adventurer’s Guild .

I wanted to sell other materials besides meat to which Andy-san gladly asked a staff member for dismantlement, but as expected, it will take some time . In truth, I wanted to speak with Carna whom we have ended up weirdly separating from, but I decided to visit a shrine after a long time since I couldn’t find her . I have not visited a shrine since arriving at Bailey after all .

(Oy~ Syl~)

(Ta, Takumi-san! Y, you see!)

(N? Syl, it’s been a while . What are you panicking so much for?)

(Actually……)

The shrine in the Capital is far larger and more splendid than the shrines in Shirin and Bailey . When I entered inside and called to Syl, he immediately replied .

However, Syl was for some reason extremely panicked and strangely hesitating .

The extremely hasty figure of Syl comes to mind…… isn’t he usually like this?

(Sorry . Did I perhaps call you during a busy time?)

(N, no, you don’t have to worry about that, but…… that……)

Syl repeated the action of wanting to say something and closing him mouth several times .

(Syl, what’s the matter in the end? Since you have such a difficulty speaking, have you made some kind of a strange mess? Let’s see~ Have you failed at managing your powers again, or something?

(Everything in that regard is okay~ That’s not it……u, umm, you see…… it’s about Vector, but……)

(Vector? What about Vector?)

I urged Syl while teasing him about his failure and Syl reluctantly spoke up .

The subject seems to be Vector, but…… what is it? I can’t think of anything in particular though~?

(He, he must have caused you trouble, didn’t he? I, is everything all right……?)

Trouble? N~…… speaking about trouble then I can’t seem to recall anything in particular .

(He might be mischievous and occasionally do as he likes, but I don’t think he caused any serious trouble, you know?)

He carried a person in his mouth and dragged the bandits around, but he’s a child who listens properly when I say something, isn’t he?

(I, is that the truth!?)

When I denied and said that such thing never happened, the tone of Syl’s voice got slightly brighter .

(Yeah, it is . What, were you hesitating this much because you thought Vector was causing me trouble?)

(I, I mean~ On the first day Vector went to Takumi-san, he had a person in his mouth, you know~ I was really startled after seeing that~)

(That certainly was startling~)

He picked up Vivian whom he found collapsed, but Vivian’s blood-like red hair made me double startled that time~

(Right? I couldn’t help but worry that such troubling contracted beast was sent to you . Therefore, I made up the resolution to receive one or two complaints from Takumi-san, but……)

Complaints, huh……

(But you know~ Vector was sent by the Fire God, so even if I wanted to complain, complaining to Syl would be wrong, wouldn’t it?)

(Do, do you think so?)

(Is not like that?)

(B, but, Takumi-san didn’t contact since then, so…… I thought that I exhausted your amiability…… sniff . Uu~……)

…… Huh? He’s crying~!? What is there to cry about?

Eh? Am I at fault for not coming to a shrine for a while by any chance?

(Hey, Syl~? Stop crying!)

(B, but, when I felt relieved, the tears~ Uuu~~~)

Syl really is a crybaby, isn’t he~ I can’t help but find it strange that he’s doing a God’s work with such character .

(There, there, don’t cry . If you stop crying at once, I will give you dorayaki)

Hey, there’s no way I could tempt a God with dorayaki……

(Really!? I wanted to try eating it~~~)

--It workeeed!? Moreover, his tearful voice is gone?

(Eh? You really stopped crying?)

(Ehh!? You were lying to me just now? That was heartless, Takumi-san!!)

(No, no, I just didn’t think you would stop crying because of dorayaki . I will give it to you if you want to eat it, but…… to begin with, I’m not able to hand over my things to Syl, right?)

Well~ that was surprising~ Although I was just joking~ But well, Syl and the other Gods sent things to me, so if there’s a way for me to send them something, I will do it .

(Then, that’s simple!)

--Piron♪

When Syl declared with full of confidence, I immediately heard an electronic sound .

(Takumi-san, please look at the functions of your menu)

When I did as Syl said and opened the screen, there was an additional tab .

(…… Magic circle?)

(Yes, correct! First of all, try selecting that function first)

Selecting the Magic circle tab as Syl said, the screen slightly shined and displayed a magic circle .

(This is?)

(That is a magic circle of warping . If you insert an item while pouring your magical power into the magic circle, it will be able to reach my place! How about it? There won’t be any problem with this, right?

(……)

Even though people shouldn’t be able to manufacture a warping magic tool yet…… to pull it off so simply, Syl is a God indeed~ I saw him in a new light .

(Huh? Takumi-san, what’s the matter?)

(No, I was just thinking about warping magic tool a bit)

(…… Magic tool, is it? Ahh! Come to think of it, warping magic tools have been only discovered in dungeons and people can’t produce them themselves back on the surface . As Takumi-san guessed, warping magic tools work on the same principle! While magic stones essentially act as core of the magic tools, they are engraved in this magic circle! Well, the destination of this magic circle is designated to me though!)

(…… I see)

No, I haven’t really guessed…… Syl, was it all right to tell me? But well, it wasn’t many people who heard it but just me, so there shouldn’t be a problem .

If you compare the differences between a magic circle of warping and warping magic tool, would it be the simplicity of the duplication the magic tools? …… While thinking such--

(Ahh! I forgot about something!!)

Syl suddenly shouted .

(It’s about Vector, but…… the situation seems to be all right in the end, but I have prepared useful items for discipline . You might not need it, but I will send it to you anyway so please accept it)

Items for discipline, huh~ Syl really was anxious about Vector, wasn’t he?

(Is that so, I understand . Then, I will gratefully accept . Thanks for your consideration)

(No, it’s a matter of course! Then, thank you very much for coming today . I’m looking forward to the dorayaki)

(Haha, I will send it immediately . Then, see you again, Syl)

--Piron♪

[Now then, let’s send the dorayaki first……]

When the conversation with Syl ended, I heard another electronic sound .

I’m curious about what came, but let’s send the dorayaki before I forget .

I selected the magic circle on the screen, poured magical power inside and put dorayaki on a plate on it . Then, the plate gradually sunk into the magic circle .

[[Gone~?]]

Allen and Elena looked at me in wonder .

Did it look as if the plate disappeared into nothingness? It would be better not to do it in front of people then .

[This you see, was sent to a person who is taking care of me]

[[Taking care~?]]

[Yes . He takes care of Allen and Elena too]

[[I see~]]

After making sure that the plate disappeared, I checked the new items Syl sent next .

[--Wha! What the hell is this!!]

Seeing the words on the list, I was shocked .

A collar is well…… acceptable . I have heard of lesser familiar collars before . Rather than for looks, that item forces to obey orders . Whether I use it or not is within the tolerable level .

But, even so!

A whip! A cord!! Even chains!? What did you want me to use it for!!

Also…… silver vine? …… Ahh, because lions are cats? …… Would it work?

Green foxtail? This is completely for playing…… but, not only Vector, wouldn’t Feat be happy too? No, I feel like Joule would like it too .

But…… I feel like he made a mistake in certain delicate items .




Chapter 116

After leaving the shrine, we went towards the shopping district .

[It’s crowded, isn’t it~]

[[Amazing~]]

There was a wide variety of shops and stalls on the shopping street and it was crowded .

[Ah]

Then, after walking for a while, I caught sight of a signboard of a shoe shop caught .

There are many shops which deal with leather products such as shoes, harnesses and armor . However, this shop seemed to be a shoe specialty store which is rare in this world .

[Allen, Elena, shall we have our shoes made there?]

[[Shoes~?]]

[Yup, shoes . Let’s go~]

[[Un]]

Recalling that I wanted to make Allen and Elena shoes--boots from the Evil Viper skin, we decided to enter that shop .

[Welcome~]

[Hello . Umm, does this shop also make shoes for children?]

[Yes, of course . This store is for children and elderly, as well as people with feet problems . We will prepare any shoes according to the customer’s request]

Ohh~ this shop feels somewhat reliable~

[In that case, are you able to attach the automatic size adjustment?]

[Yes, it’s possible . This shop has a contract with an excellent echanter]

They seem to be able to seal magic--enchantements into the shoes as well .

[Then, I would like to place an order]

[Thank you very much . Well then, please wait a moment while I call for a craftsman that will be responsible for customer’s order]

From the looks of it, it’s not the shop assistant that receives the orders but the craftsmen apparently receive them directly .

[Thank you for wiating]

Is this person the craftsman? The person who immediately came over was an extremely whitish, tall and thin man .

[I’m Gallon and I work as a shoe crafter . I heard that you would like to place an order for children shoes . Please let me hear your order in detail over there]

Ah, he really was a craftsman~

We were guided to a table with chairs by the craftsman--Gallon-san, where we will have the talk .

[Have you decided on what kind of shoes you would like?]

[Erm, I would like boots with automatic size adjustment for these children . Let’s see~ I would like to request both short and long boots]

[Short and long boots with automatic size adjustments, is it?]

[Ah, could I request a pair for me as well? Also, I would like to use the material in my possession, would that be possible?]

Whoops, I can’t forget about the material~

[Yes, you brought the material then? There’s no problem . Do you have the material on your person?]

[I do . --I would like to use this]

When I took out the Evil Viper skin from the《Infinite Storage》and handed it to Gallon-san, he opened his eyes wide and his white complexion quickly reddened .

[Th, th, this is! Ehh!! The genuine thing!?]

This is that, isn’t it? Identical to the craftsmen before, Gallon-san must have understood what kind of material it is . From what I experienced so far, he should get delighted and excited about the materials after this .

Yeah, if that’s the case then I better leave him alone for a while .

[--…… Wau~]

[[Ah!]]

[Eh!?]

Just as I thought such, Gallon-san--thud, fell from the chair with a splendid sound .

[Ehh? Are you all right?]

When I rushed over to Gallon-san and checked his condition, I found out that he lost his consciousness .

[Did he faint?]

[[Fait~?]]

[Seems like it]

I really didn’t think he would faint, but…… was it because he was too excited?

[Erm, call the shop’s employee……]

[Ha!]

Thinking that I shouldn’t leave Gallon-san on the floor like this, the moment I was about to call someone, Gallon-san suddenly jumped up to his feet .

[D, dream? Ahh…… it felt like I finally saw the Evil Viper skin I yearn for, but…… it was a dream, huh……]

Gallon-san who restlessly looked around hung his head down dejectedly .

Dream? I don’t know what just happened, but did Gallon-san saw a dream in this short while?

[Umm…… are you all right?]

[Haeh? Huh, Customer is…… eh!? It wasn’t a dream!!]

[…… Err?]

[Customer brought an Evil Viper skin with you, right!?]

[Yeah, well……]

[Ohh~ it wasn’t a dream!!]

Gallon-san stood up and took the Evil Viper skin that was on top of the table in his hands .

[What a beautiful black! This gloss! Radiance! Haa~…… To think that a day I would be able to hold it in my hands would come……]

…… I see . He really lost his consciousness the moment he saw the Evil Viper skin . Did he think the conversation itself was a dream? …… Anyhow, he seems to be all right after falling down .

[So…… are you able to make it?]

[Of course! Please leave it to me!]

No~ yeah, he has a plenty of motivation .

[Then, I will leave it to you]

[Yes! I will bring out the design samples right away!]

Saying such, Gallon-san started lining up different designs of boots .

Not only the design pictures, but also the actual things that were on display in the shop .

[How is it? Are any to your liking?]

[Are all of these for adults? Can they be chosen for the children?]

[Yes, there’s no problem]

[Is that so? --Allen, Elena, how is it? Do you like any of these?]

[[N, you see~]]

Most of them are lace type boots, but there are many to choose from . There are many with ribbons for women in particular .

[[This~?]]

Allen and Elena looked at the different shoes, but they pointed simultaneously at the same boots .

The boots the two chose are very similar to the boots they are wearing now .

[You like these?]

[[Un!]]

Since the boots that will be made this time will be black, they will be different although similar, so oh well .

[Then, these will do for the short boots . As for the long boots, let’s see~ How about these? Ah, these over there are also nice~]

The short boots were decided, so it’s time for the long boots now . The long boots are of the below the knee length, it’s a type of boots the two haven’t worn so far .

[Allen, this one~]

[Elena wants that one~]

Allen chose the simple laced boots I pointed at first and Elena chose boots decorated with a ribbon .

[Then, these will be it]

[[Un . Oniichan’s?]]

[Mine? Let’s see, I will get the same type as you two as well]

[[Matching~?]]

[Right, we will be matching]

When I decided on the design of my boots, it was the time for the size measurement .

[Although the size will be changed with the automatic size adjustment, the boots will adjust only to fit the size that is somewhat bigger than the original size . Therefore, it will be as expected, impossible to keep wearing them until the children grow into adults . Could I please have your understanding?]

Ah, are there people who think their children could wear the shoes all the time until they grow into adults when they hear about the size adjustment? So that’s why he explains it like this, so there won’t be any complaints in the future, huh~

[Yes, I understand]

[Well then, two pairs of short boots, two pairs of long boots for the children, and one pair of short boots for a man . All five will be enchanted with automatic size adjustment and will be made from the Evil Viper skin . Is there no mistake in the order?]

[No, there’s no mistake]

Double checking that there’s no mistake in the order, what was left was the price negotiation . At that time, I made sure that the boots are made sturdy .

[Thank you very much for your order . I will pour my heart out to complete it!]

Alright, now we only have to wait for the boots to get made . Gallon-san was in high spirits, but I’m sure he will make something good~




Chapter 117

After leaving the Shoe Shop we decided to return to the Adventurer’s Guild .

At that time--

[Now, now, today’s precious meat has arrived! Unexpectedly, it’s Orc meat! It’s a fresh one that just came in . However, today is a big below the cost service!! The price comes with 20% discount! How about splurging a bit today and having an Orc steak for dinner? This action ends as soon as we run out . Now, buy, buy!]

A butcher-looking person was advertising a special orc meat sale in a loud voice .

Moreover, all the housewives who heard that simultaneously started gathering at the butcher’s .

[[Pig~?]]

[Seems like it]

Orc meat that has just came in…… no need to guess, isn’t it the one we dropped at the guild? There’s no need to wait for the monster meat to mature as it’s best eaten fresh, so they probably send it to the market immediately after dismantling .

Still…… Orc meat is quite popular, isn’t it~ It indeed sells like hotcakes .

The people of the town commonly eat Wolf and Horn rabbit meat . Orc meat is several times better meat, so the price should be inevitably higher, but…… were the people attracted by the below the cost discount?

[Allen will eat the pig~]

[Elena too~]

[Haha . Did it make you guys crave Orc meat too? All right . Currently, I’m having the Orc General dismantled in the guild, so let’s eat that for dinner?]

[[Yaay~!]]

I finally got it dismantled, so let’s borrow the Ruven House’s kitchen and prepare it~

[Then, let’s return for today after receiving the meat from the guild]

[[Un!]]

Although there’s still time until dinner, when taking the time of discussing the borrowing of the kitchen and food preparation in consideration, it would be safer to return sooner .

[Takumi-san, I was waiting for you~]

When we entered the Adventurer’s Guild, Keimi-san was waving her hand at us from the reception .

[This way, over here~]

And, she immediately beckoned us to the warehouse .

[Have we kept you waiting?]

[Oh my, it’s not like we have decided on time, so you don’t have to worry about that . Then, this is the Orc General meat you have requested . Please verify it]

The gigantic Orc General turned into a considerable amount of meat .

[Thank you very much]

[No, no, I’m so happy I could scream that you decided to turn over the Orc General skin to the guild . The orc assessment has also finished, so let’s settle the accounts now]

[Yes, please]

When we returned to the reception counter, Keimi-san immediately started operating the crystal plate .

[Ah, may I have your guild cards?]

[Yes . Allen and Elena too, okay?]

[[Yes~]]

[Thank you . Wait for a moment, alright?]

Keimi-san suspended the operating temporarily, asked for our guild cards and resumed operating the crystal .

[10% has been added to the proceeds as promised . Also, this is the case only within Guardia, but it has been decided that the monsters Takumi-san brings for dismantling both while selling and bringing back with you will be free of charge for indefinite]

[Eh!? Is that all right?]

[Yes, it has been decided by our Master’s authority, so please use it as you please . Although I said that, the guild is still anticipating that Takumi-san would sell materials except those you need to us like this time]

Well, in the case of having the guild dismantle, I don’t mind leaving the materials I don’t need to them .

Ah~ I see, I see . I would be using the guild’s dismantling service free of charge and I would be also getting additional 10% when selling…… for that, I would have to pour my materials back to the guild~

[Now then, this should be it . Takumi-san, what would you like to do about the money? Is it all right to hand it over to you in coins?]

[Ah~ let’s see~ could you split the money in half and deposit it into the children’s cards?]

[Deposit into the children cards, half each . Understood]

I have the money I got from the country at me, so let’s deposit what we earned this time .

Right, right, about the cash reward I received from Tristan-sama that time…… you won’t believe this! They were Large Gold coins . One piece is approximately 100,000 yen . I haven’t counted how many pieces there are, but it’s a considerable large amount of money . Therefore, there would be no need to be troubled over our income for a while .

[Here, it’s done . Can you confirm please?]

[Umm…… yes, everything’s all right . Thank you very much]

[I should be the one thanking you for the various things beginning with my daughter]

[No, no . Err, I wasn’t able to see Carna after that, so please convey my regards to her if possible]

[Yes, of course . However, if you have an opportunity to meet at the guild, do call out to her]

[Yes]

◇ ◇ ◇

After taking care of the business in the guild, we immediately returned to the Ruven House where I was about to discuss the borrowing of the kitchen . But, I was given the permission before the discussion even started .

I was told that Matthias-san notified the kitchen staff to let me use it freely whenever I want .

[I’m sorry to bother you during work]

[No! We will be learning from you today!]

[Eh!?]

When I intruded into the kitchen, the awfully motivated Ruven House chefs were waiting for me inside .

Learning from me…… learning what!?

[That ice-cream thing was extremely wonderful! Takumi-sama is a genius! So, what are you planning on making today? Please, instruct us by all means!!]

[……]

No…… I don’t really mind, but . I don’t do full-blown lessons, so stay behind me and learn from watching .

[Then, Allen, Elena, shall we do it?]

[[Yes~ Pig~]]

Now then, what shall I make? It’s the Orc General meat after all . Might as well, meat! A dish with such feeling would be ncie~

[Ah! How about Tonkatsu?]

[[Tonkachi~?]]

Unfortunately, Tonkachi is not food .

[Haha, it’s slightly different . It’s Tonkatsu]

[[Tonkatsu~!]]

When I corrected them, the two properly corrected themselves .

[W, what kind of dish is this Tonkatsu!?]

[W, well, let’s make it first, I will explain if there’s something you don’t understand]

[Yes! Please, go ahead!]

The chefs were very curious, but rather than explaining it, it would be faster for them to see .

Therefore, I immediately chopped the Orc General meat I took out in suitable pieces, and lightly seasoned it with salt and pepper .

[Then, Allen . Cover this in flour like this~ and shake off the excess flour like this]

[Yesss~]

[Could Elena dip the meat Allen covered in flour in the eggs?]

[Yess~]

I had Allen and Elena help me by covering the meat in flour and whisked eggs .

[Then, I will……]

[Takumi-sama, what is this?]

[N? Ahh, these are breadcrumbs, a finely crushed dried bread]

In my case, they weren’t completely air-dried as I sped up the process with《Dry》magic .

[Elena, pass it to me once it’s covered in eggs]

[Yes~]

Once it’s covered in breadcrumbs, all that’s left is to fry it .

[Alright, the temperature should be good . Allen, Elena, it might be dangerous to watch a hot oil from nearby, so could you stay slightly further away please?]

[[Eeh~]]

When I asked the two to stand back as I can’t fry with the children clinging to my legs, the two let out reluctant voices .

[My? Do you not want to eat Tonkatsu anymore?]

[[Want~]]

[Just a bit, okay?]

[[Uu~]]

The two reluctantly separated from me when I told them that they wouldn’t be able to eat Tonkatsu if they didn’t . The chefs then formed a Tonkatsu gallery and watched me frying in excitement .




Chapter 118

After finishing deep-frying the tonkatsu, I realized that I don’t have a tonkatsu sauce .

Well, it can be eaten with soy sauce or something, but thinking that it would be better if there was the sauce after all, I immediately put the tonkatsu in the《Infinite Storage》and decided to hurriedly make the sauce .

Although I say that, I have never made the sauce before, so I will try making a prototype and if I fail, we will just have to eat it with soy sauce .

Err, sugar into the Turi fruit (tomato) paste…… no, would honey be better? Also, a bit of soy sauce and vinegar? White sesame… and some condiments?

N~ what condiments should I use? Do I use garlic and ginger after all?

[Something like this~?]

It’s different from the tonkatsu sauce I was imagining, but I was able to make a so-so sauce . This should also go well with tonkatsu .

[Takumi-sama, is this a sauce for the deep-fried dish called tonkatsu you made?]

[Yes, that’s correct]

The chefs immediately reacted at the completion of the sauce .

[M, may we please have a taste?]

[…… Ah, yes . Here you go]

[Then, excuse me]

Moreover, they waited with tightly grasped spoons .

[Onii~ chan, Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

[This is a sauce, you know?]

[[Don’t mind! Taste~]]

Allen and Elena followed after the chefs and started speaking of tasting the sauce .

[Then, just a lick, okay?]

[[Un!]]

After letting the two taste it, it was about the time, so I started arranging the dishes .

And, the dinner time .

Tonight, we are eating with Matthias-san, Rebecca-san and Wald-sama who has just returned from the work .

[It seems that Takumi-san prepared tonight’s meal . What did you make?]

[The main is a meat dish . I hope it will suit your tastes though]

[Oh, Takumi was cooking today? Each and every dish of Takumi’s is unusual and tasty on top of it . I’m looking forward to it~]

[Oh my, Takumi-san is not only good with sweets, but at cooking as well, I see~]

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san were very interested while Wald-sama had an expression full of expectations .

[[Onii~ chan’s meals, delish~!]]

[My, my, the meals Oniichan makes must be very tasty then?]

[[Un!]]

When Allen and Elena boasted of my delicious meals, Rebecca-san looked at the children with a heartwarming smile .

The children has already let their guard down completely in front of Rebecca-san .

[As I thought, little children are nice, aren’t they~ Wald-san--]

[Please ask Elder brother for grandchildren]

[Really~ how heartless~]

Wald-sama rejected Rebecca-san’s urging for grandchildren without hesitation .

It seems that Wald-sama has not thought about the marriage yet . I imagined that nobles would have fiancé or fiancée, but are the second sons who aren’t succeeding the house perhaps relatively free?

[It came . Takumi, what is this dish called?]

While having such a talk, the meal arrived . Then, looking at the dish in front of him, Wald-sama immediately asked about its name .

[It’s called tonkatsu, deep-fried meat in a finely crushed bread]

[Hee~ tonkatsu, huh~ by the way, what meat is it?]

[It’s Orc General]

[[Eh!?]]

Matthias-san’s and Rebecca-san’s surprised voices resounded .

Is Orc General meat unpalatable by any chance?

[…… The one from Alveil?]

[Yes, that’s correct]

Wald-sama rubbed his glabella .

[I heard you went to the Adventurer’s Guild today, did you not sell it?]

[I kept all the meat while selling everything else, you know?]

[…… I see . Takumi, I will tell you one thing . Even nobility seldom get to eat Orc General meat]

[Is that so?]

I imagined that nobility would eat only high-quality meat, but…… it seems I was wrong .

In the Risner House…… ah~ seafood was their main ingredient, so I didn’t hear much regarding meat~

[Yeah, well you might be able to eat it if you splurge, but we usually eat the orc meat]

[Hee~]

If you usually eat the orc meat common families have to splurge to buy, it would mean that you are eating a good meat, huh…… this isn’t good . Because the meat we eat is mostly supplied by ourselves, it feels strage feeling like this . I mean, I thought of occasionally eating the meat of the A-ranked Evil Viper, you know?

[Well, I will eat it since it’s a special occassion]

[…… Yes, go ahead . Matthias-san and Rebecca-san too, eat before it gets cold]

[Yeah, let’s eat]

[Let’s eat then, Takumi-san]

Rather, for Wald-sama to point that out…… I’m a bit shocked .

[Allen and Elena too, let’s eat]

[[Un! Itadakimaasu~]]

[Itadakimasu]

Seeing the Ruven family’s three eat, we also started eating .

[This fellow is tasty~ The Orc General meat itself is tasty, but this cooking method and sauce is so good!]

[Yeah, this is nice . It’s my first time experiencing this crunch on outside]

[It’s very delicious~]

[[Delish~]]

[Ohh!]

Uwa~ Orc General meat…… this is delicious~ It’s tender but properly chewy and also juicy . It’s affinity with cutlet is superb!

It could be eaten not only as tonkatsu, but katsu curry, katsudon, katsu-sandwich and other ways as well~ I want to try eating it like that next time!

[Takumi, would our chefs be able to cook this?]

[They were seeing me make it, so I think they will be all right]

[I see!]

Wald-sama seemed to like the tonkatsu very much as he laughed delightfully when he got to know that the chefs here would be able to cook it .

[You know? That dish which we ate on the way to the capital…… curry and rice was it? It seems like it would go well with this dish]

[That would be katsu curry]

Wald-sama is quite skillful . It appears that he arrived at the concept of katsu curry on his own .

[Oh, there really is such dish after all! I would love to eat it right away, but that’s probably unreasonable so I will have to ask the next time]

[Allen will eat too~]

[Elena will eat too~]

It seems like katsu curry has been decided for the next time .

[Say, this curry and rice? What is it? It’s a name of a dish, isn’t it?]

At that time, Rebecca-san asked about curry and rice . Matthias-san seemed to have the same question as he looked similarly in wonder .

[Umm…… curry is something like a soup stewed with several herbs, flour and vegetables, and rice would be the White Wheat]

Curry and rice is difficult to explain no matter how many times I get asked, isn’t it~

[White Wheat, you mean that White Wheat!? Takumi-kun, White Wheat can be eaten?]

When I explained what kind of dish it is, Matthias-san raised his voice in surprise .

[Yes, it might look hard, but it immensely softens when cooked . That’s why it was typically eaten instead of bread in my home town]

Huh? This conversation…… seems similar to one I had with Wald-sama on the way to the capital?

[That thing tastes really simple, but it becomes really great depending on the dish it comes with, doesn’t it~]

Wald-sama fondly commented .

[Is that so? N~ that is very interesting . The next time you make this curry and rice, would you please let me eat it as well?]

[Oh my, I will be also intruding at that time]

Everyone seems to have decided on eating curry and rice the next time .




Chapter 119

Today, we have come to the castle to see the treasury .

[Hee~ there really are many things~]

[[Many~]]

As a reward for the Evil Viper subjugation, the discovery of the dungeon, etc . , it has been decided that I can take an item from the treasury…… although I saw the list, I had no idea what’s what, so we have decided to take a look at the items in the treasury directly .

[This is the section for all kinds of arms . This sword is called[Frozen Cursed Sword]and praises are sung about its ability to freeze over plains with a single swing . This[Thunder]is a spear that produces lightning . And this is……--]

The Prime Minister guided us through the treasury .

Why is the Prime Minister expressly guiding us-!? is what I thought, but when I take the place into consideration, then it’s only given that an ordinary person wouldn’t be guiding us .

Still…… this treasure has everything .

There were the weapons with incredible power Prime Minister just explained about, a display of fascinating necklaces, and fist-sized gems with terrific purity among other things .

However, there were also cursed items among them . Instincts told me to not ever touch those things . Of course, Allen and Elena were also extremely vigilant .

While looking at such articles that were introduced to me one by one--

[This is called magic motion device]

[N?]

Magic…… motion device, he said? Eh? This…… isn’t that a camera!?

The moment we approached the magic tool section, something I was interested in appeared .

[Seems like Takumi-dono is interested in this]

[Y, yes . Umm, could you tell me about its functions in detail please?]

[Sure . You look at the scenery through the light of this magic stone and it will make a copy on this special paper--[Magical power paper]]

It’s slightly too large as it seems that it has to be held with both hands, but I can see a place for a lens and it records the scenery on a paper…… hey, it really is a camera, isn’t it?

[The specialty craftsmen are able to reproduce the magic tool itself, but because the method of creating the magical power paper has been lost, only several pieces are stored here . Therefore, if I’m pushed to say, then this magical power paper is the genuine treasure]

N~ so that means this magical power paper is something like a photographic paper for the magic tool’s exclusive use .

[It cannot copy onto other types of paper at all? Like, it will change the color or it will get crooked for example?]

[Yes, it won’t copy over to the paper no matter what]

[I see……]

Even though it could fade, it still can’t be applied on an ordinary paper, huh .

I thought of making a treasured album full of scenes with Allen and Elena~ It seems it won’t go that smoothly .

It seems that the magic tool itself can be produced, but I should choose this as the reward and obtain the few remaining magical power papers~

[It feels like you have already decided on this]

[Yes, it appears so . Ah, if I choose these magical power papers, how will you deal with the magic motion device? If I can’t receive it as well, then I would like to get introduced to a craftsman who could make it if possible……]

[Please don’t worry . I will hand it over to you as well . However, are you really fine with this? There are only several pieces of magical power paper left?]

[Yes, I will go with this]

[Is that so?]

I have selected the magic motion device and magical power paper as my items of reward .

I would be completely lost when choosing from as many things as this, so it’s best to go with the first impression!

[[This~?]]

[Yes, I decided to take this . Is that fine with you?]

[[Un, is fine~!]]

I have decided all by myself without listening to Allen’s and Elena’s opinions, but the two gave me their consent .

[That’s right, Prime Minister . Haven’t you heard stories of the magical power paper being found in dungeons or something?]

Right, right, I have to ask about this! This unable to produce, miraculous thing should be obtainable in dungeons, I think .

[It were only a few, but they were found indeed]

[Really!?]

Ohh! Then, it doesn’t mean that I won’t be able to get more magical power papers in the future .

Magical power paper…… magical power paper, huh~…… one would think it’s just paper loaded with magical power from its name, but making a paper loaded with magical power…… doesn’t seem possible, as expected .

[Do you mind if I touch it?]

[No, it’s already Takumi-dono’s, go ahead]

[Thank you very much]

Getting the permission from Prime Minister, I took the magical power paper in my hands .

Indeed, the magical power paper is carrying magical power . But, it’s maintaining the magical power differently from humans or the source of magical power that are magic stones .

[Magical power papers were produced in the past, right?]

[Yes, it has been already several hundred years, but paper craftsmen of that time were able to produce them]

N~…… if I had to guess by this feeling, then I would say that the traces of magical power were knead into it? Ah~ let’s see~……--

[…… Is it possible to knead the magical power of magical power carrying objects into other materials?]

[Ta, Takumi-dono!? W, what have you just said!?]

[Eh?]

It appears that I said my thoughts out loud .

[Did you say: knead the magical power of magical power carrying objects into other materials?]

[…… Umm, that I did~]

[For example, what object do you have in mind??]

[W, what object?]

The Prime Minister is looking at me with extremely expectant eyes, but……

This, would it be bad if I don’t answer? …… Err, let’s see~

[As expected, a magic stone would be my first choice?]

[Magic stone!]

[Y, yes, grinding the magic stone to powder and add it to the mixture, for example? Or perhaps…… the material for paper are trees, right? Then, how about using wood that contains the magic element? Or to some extent, the trees from Gaya Forest……]

[Gaya wood!]

The Prime Minister had an exaggerated reaction when I replied with things that could be used as a material for the magical power paper . But--

[Well, the specialized craftsmen had already tried that, didn’t they?]

If the method has been lost, then the researchers and craftsmen must have tried considerable amount of ways to reproduce it . What I came up with, those people surely tried before .

[No! I have never heard of people trying such methods!]

[Ehhh-!?]

[Up until now, we have been trying to find a way of loading objects with magical power, so we have never thought of using objects carrying magical power themselves! It’s worth giving such method a try! I have to contact the research institute and the workshop immediately! The lost technology might be resurrected!]

[Eeeeeh-!?]

…… Have I done something that will become a serious matter again?

[We will manage with the magic stones, but the problem is the Gaya wood . Those don’t flow on the market as much as we’d like after all…… n? Takumi-dono, do you perhaps…… possess some?]

[……]

[That face says that you do]

The Prime Minister was asking a question, but his expression tells me that he’s convinced .

How did he know~? Is my face that readable?

[Could you hand us over a few?]

[…… Yes . I understand]

[Thank you very much!]

Well, it will be favorable for me if the magical power paper comes out of it and I could get my hands on more . Why don’t I just sponsor them with a Gaya tree or two…… or even ten!

Although we have derailed a little, we who have come to select our reward were given the magic motion device and magical power papers on the spot .




Chapter 120

After leaving the treasury, we went with the Prime Minister to transfer the Gaya trees .

When that finished smoothly we arrived at the castle’s kitchen .

It was in order to teach the castle’s chefs the promised Cream bread and Anpan .

[I will be in your care today]

[……]

When I said hello to the castle’s chef in the center of the kitchen that was introduced to me, he just lightly nodded with no other response . Is he perhaps discontent that the greatest chef--the royal castle’s chef like him suddenly has to follow instructions of an amateur like me?

[Head chef, this person came expressly on His Majesty’s request . Don’t show your shyness in front of a person like that!]

[Eh!?]

W, was he shy of strangers? Moreover, this person is the head chef!?

I opened my eyes wide in surprise at the words of the another chef that stood next to the head chef .

Woah~ so he didn’t find me unpleasant or anything, he was just being shy, huh… he doesn’t hide behind others, but seeing a man in his fifties with similar attitude Allen and Elena had just a while ago is a little laughable .

[I’m really, really sorry about our Head chef! Even though he’s like this, I can guarantee his skills!]

[N, no, it’s all right . I don’t mind]

[Thank you very much! Ah, I didn’t introduce myself . I serve as the sous-chef and my name is Wagner . Thank you very much for coming on this occasion! There, Head chef, please greet him properly!]

The other chef was a sous-chef, huh .

The sous-chef--Wagner-san greeted me with a very respectful attitude . Well, we have come under the name of the King of Guardia, Tristan-sama after all . It’s an inevitable attitude to have once knowing that, I guess?

[…… I am Carl . I will be in your care today]

The head chef--Carl-san said in a feeble voice, however, he properly introduced himself .

To serve as the head chef in the castle with such personality, as Wagner-san said, he must have a considerable skill in cooking . Ah, also because of Wagner-san’s follow-ups?

[My name is Takumi . Once again, please treat me kindly]

[I am Allen]

[I am Elena]

[[Best regards~]]

When I introduced myself once again, Allen and Elena said hello after me . Then, the two looked at me with expressions that said[How was it?], so I heartily patted the two’s heads .

[U, umm……]

[Ah, excuse me . Err, I don’t know whether you heard or not, but today’s plan is to teach you how to make a bread……]

Pulling myself together, I confirmed whether the people in the kitchen grasped what we are doing today . I mean, I’m not teaching them any dishes today, but bread, you know? And yet, the head chef and sous-chef have come as well?

It would be more understandable if it were a bread maker rather than Carl-san or Wagner-san, but…

[Yes, we heard of it! That’s why in addition to the two of us, we have gathered several bread makers to receive your instructions! We were told that it would be better if the dough was prepared, so the bread makers are currently preparing it]

Eh? Carl-san, Wanger-san . And, several bread makers? Isn’t that too many people?

[Not only the bread makers, but the head chef and sous-chef as well?]

I unintentionally let out my thoughts from my mouth .

[Well, of course! It’s unlikely, but we will be there so that they wouldn’t miss the recipe, they mustn’t mishear it by any chance after all!]

[…… I, is that so?]

What is it…… this enthusiasm…… ah~ but, he’s someone who cooks for the king, so it might not be good if he wasn’t like this, right~ Yeah, I can consent if it’s like that .

[Well then, shall we begin at once?]

[Yes! Then, please come this way!]

This is not only where the royalty’s food is made, but also where the food of the people working in the castle is made, so the kitchen is considerably large with a fitting amount of people working here .

When we arrived in the inner part of the kitchen where Wagner-san guided us, the gazes of the people inside gathered at me .

[…… Is that him?]

[Seems like it . But, doesn’t he seem younger than us?]

[Then, was those rumors false?]

[Might be so]

[Oy, oy! Moreover, he even brought children with him . What does he think this place is!?]

I heard various voices coming from inside .

[I, I’m sorry . Youngsters are like that……]

It must have reached Wagner-san’s ears too as he apologized in panic .

[Well, I have brought children to this kitchen that you guys consider a holy place, so…… it can’t be helped~]

The owners of the voices were young men who didn’t seem much older than me . They must take pride in being able to work in the castle at their age . And here I am, a person from outside, standing next to the head chef and sous-chef, so no wonder they feel displeasure . And just as someone said, I have brought Allen and Elena with me .

[Oy! Do you guys have a spare time to chatter pointlessly! Are the preparations for the training finished!? Aan? What is this mountain of unpeeled vegetables!!]

[[[I, I am sorry!]]]

[Do it immediately!]

[[[Yes!]]]

All of sudden, Carl-san approached the youngsters and started shouting at them .

A great difference from his attitude from until a while ago .

[Erm…… sorry, but is that how Carl-san usually is? ]

[Ahh, let’s see . What was shown to Takumi-san a while ago was something that happens extremely rarely . I’m truly sorry . A bit more…… if a bit more of time passes, he should be able to hold a normal conversation with you, I think……]

I see . That is how Carl-san normally is .

I was worried whether he was fit to work as the head chef, but it seems that it was unnecessary .

[It really is all right, so please don’t worry about it]

[[Don’t worry~]]

At that time, Allen and Elena repeated my words .

[N?]

[[Nniyu~?]]

[Oh my, oh my?]

[[Oh my, oh my~♪]]

It appears they are playing by mimicking me .

[Are you copying me?]

[[Copying~]]

[Fufu, is it fun?]

[[Fun~]]

[Is that so?]

[[That so~]]

Someway or another, they continued imitating me for a while .

[……?]

When Carl-san returned, he looked at me and the children with a puzzled expression .

[Ahh, I’m sorry that you had to raise your hand for our sake, Carl-san]

[…… No, it was caused by my clumsiness . I apologize for not training my subordinates properly]

When I apologized to Carl-san, he returned the apology with a feeble voice .

Not sure where his vigor went, Carl-san returned to being quiet . He apparently needs some time to get used to us .

[[Back~?]]

Finding the difference in Carl-san’s attitude out of place, this time, it was Allen and Elena who made puzzled expressions .

[…… Eh? Ah…… I’m sorry…… showed you something embarrasing]

Understanding the children’s words, Carl-san’s face dyed red as he hung his head .

[Err…… you really had a ‘head chef’ feeling going on there]

[D, do you think so?]

[Yes]

[T, thank you very much]

When I said such, Carl-san’s face turned red even more… is he embarrassed?

[[Red~]]

I decided to let go, but Allen and Elena pointed it out with a mercilessly swift attack .

…… Carl-san was extremely bashfully turned his face away .




Chapter 121

After introducing me to the bread makers, we finally started making the bread .

The bread dough was properly prepared, so I decided to make custard cream and bean paste for it as soon as possible .

[Something like this…… what do you think?]

Today, it’s not only the Tsuban, but I made Koshian as well and when I had Carl-san and others behind me taste it and confirm whether they grasped the method of making it--

[…… I have learned very much]

Carl-san said with a furrowed glabella .

It was an answer that didn’t have any problems when considering only the words, but…… it doesn’t match his facial expression . Is he worried about something?

[He, head chef! If you are admiring and won’t make an appropriate expression, Takumi-sama will misunderstand! -- I’m sorry, Takumi-sama! Even though he might look like this, Head Chef is very impressed with this cream and the new recipe of the red beans!]

[Eh!? Is that so?]

[Wha!! You did misunderstand after all!?]

That’s right . As Wagner-san said, I didn’t see it at all~ I see, so that was an expression of admiration, huh……

[[Steamy~?]]

At that time, Allen pointed at Carl-san and Elena squinted her eyes while looking at top of his head .

From the children’s cheerful attitude, there’s no doubt that Carl-san is a good person~ Rather, the two are unexpectedly aggressive when it comes to Carl-san . In the tsukkomi way of meaning…

[See, Head Chef! Even the children misunderstood!!]

At the children’s actions, Wagner-san approached Carl-san in panic .

[T, that’s……]

With his words choked, Carl-san looked at Wagner-san, me, and the children in turns .

[[Nii~]]

The children whom Carl-san was watching lifted their cheeks with their index fingers and pressed Carl-san to smile .

[…… Ni~?]

The honest Carl-san then made a smiling face by raising the corners of his mouth .

[[-- Puh]]

Seeing Carl-san’s actions, Wagner-san and I unintentionally burst into laughter .

Turning their heads away to not look into his face, the bread makers started shaking in laughter as well .

Allen and Elena nodded in satisfaction while looking at Carl-san as his face turned bright red .

[F, first of all, why doesn’t everyone try making the custard cream and bean paste?]

[L, let’s do that]

When I suggested continuing the bread making in order to change the awkward atmosphere, Wagner-san promptly agreed and we resumed working .

[Takumi-sama, that is?]

[N? Ahh, this is Shiroan and sweet potato paste . Red bean paste’s associates, you could say?]

While trying Carl-san and others in making the custard cream and red bean paste, I made Shiroan from white beans and a paste from sweet potato-like vegetable, making something similar to Satsumaimo paste .

Then, Wagner-san noticed and asked curiously .

[White beans and sweet potatoes…… is it?]

[Yes . I thought of putting this in the bread also]

[A new thing after another…… Takumi-sama, you really are amazing, aren’t you?]

[You think so? I thought they would match nicely, so I gave it a try . Wagner-san, you can come up with something too, right?]

[No, no, that’s not something that can be done so easily!]

[Is that so?]

[That is so!]

There was something like this on Earth in my case, so~ Experimenting with such memories certainly is advantageous . However, the people of Aetherdia should come up with something simple like this on their own .

Ah, how about making a pumpkin paste from the pumpkin-like veggie called[Ishiuri], or mixing in sesame and making a sesame paste as well? Let’s make it the next time!

Carl-san and others finished making the custard cream and red beast paste, so we are going to fill it into the doug next .

Well, from here on out, Carl-san’s and other’s skills are above mine, so I have nothing to tell them . But, it would be boring to just wait without saying anything, so I and naturally Allen and Elena also participated .

[[Done~]]

[Good . Now we just let it ferment and bake]

With this, all that’s left really is to wait . So, what are we going to do during the wait? While thinking such--

[Which reminds me, Takumi-sama . I heard that these bread are on sale in shops in Shirin and Bailey, is that the truth?]

The person in charge of bread makers, Sid-san, asked .

[Yes, that’s correct]

[Then! My elder brother has a store in the town, would it be possible to give us the permission to sell the bread there? Of course, we will share the profits with Takumi-sama and protect the recipe rigorously!]

When I gave a positive answer because I wasn’t really trying to hide it or anything, Sid-san sought a permission to sell it .

In fact, this matter about me teaching the recipe has been apparently strictly prohibited to talk about by both Tristan-sama and Prime Minister . Therefore, except the people here, there’s no one else in the castle who knows of this recipe .

When I heard about it, I unintentionally let out of my mouth[You are keeping it secret this strictly!?], but I was told by Carl-san and ohters[That’s only given]in return .

Well, that order seems to be limited by my permission .

[N~ I don’t need a share of profits . Just the condition of accepting our orders when we want would be fine, how about it?]

[If just that, then I don’t think there would be a problem!]

As for me, I would fine it helpful if there was a store selling cream bread in the capital .

[Also, it would be better to have a backing so the store wouldn’t get in trouble with the nobility…… n~ Should I ask the Ruven House? First of all, I will talk with the head of the Ruven House . Would it be all right to contact you again if the Head of the family gives his consent?]

[Yes! Thank you very much!]

I think it should be alright, but let’s ask Matthias-san immediately after returning to the Ruven mansion .

With the discussion settled--

[Excuse me]

A maid-like person entered the kitchen and moved directly towards me .

[Might you be Takumi-sama?]

[Y, yes]

[Have you perhaps finished with the work?]

[Yes, we are done]

[In that case, please come with me . The Queen is inviting you over]

[…… Yes?]

Eh? The Queen is calling for me!? Whyーーー!?




Chapter 122

[Fufufu~]

[……]

Right now, we are facing the Queen for some reason .

Queen looked at us with her smiling, violet eyes .

[[Onii~ chan, cream bread is~?]]

[My, my, don’t worry . I ordered to bring it here once it is properly baked, so wait for a little more, okay?]

[[Un, got it~]]

While I was confused without knowing the reason for being called here, Allen and Elena were worried about the cream bread we were making just a little while ago .

But, Queen apparently already made arrangements and it will be brought here once it’s done .

[…… Err, why were we called here, I wonder?]

[Fufufu~ that is you see? Of course, because I wanted to meet you . Is such reason not enough to call you over?]

[N, no! Not at all!]

[That so? I am glad then~ let’s have a tea then . Ah, please call me Grace . Okay, Takumi-san?]

It appears that the Queen--Grace-sama called us because she wanted to meet us . Thus, she decided to go with the flow and have a tea together .

[Right, right . I called another two people over for tea . I think they should be coming soon, but……--ah, they are here]

A knocking resounded on the door as a confirmation to Grace-sama’s statement, and a handsome man of about the same age as me and beautiful woman entered inside .

They must be the people Grace-sama called over for tea .

[Mother, we are coming in?]

Ehh!? The young man called Grace-sama “Mother . ”

Thinking that this is bad, I stood up from the chair hurriedly, but I was stopped by Grace-sama in the end .

[I heard you called for us, what is the matter?]

[My, Austin . You have finally came]

[Of course I would come after being summoned so suddenly . I made a time between the state affairs and came to visit you . Moreover, you even called Aurora over, did something happen?]

The young man--Austin-sama, called Grace-sama Mother, so he’s a prince without a doubt . His facial features don’t resemble Tristan-sama or Grace-sama that much, but he inherited Tristan-sama’s bright blonde hair and Grace-sama’s violet eyes .

[Mother, I am sorry to have kept you waiting]

[Aurora too, welcome]

The woman--Aurora-sama also called Grace-sama “Mother . ” If I remember hearing correctly, then Tristan-sama’s and Grace-sama’s three children are all princes . I also heard that he doesn’t have any concubines, so Aurora-sama must be Austin-sama’s wife?

[So, what is the matter?]

[I thought of having tea together]

[Eh? Tea…… is it? Just that?]

Austin-sama made an unsatisfied expression .

Though he was called over during the state affairs, only to be said[Let’s have a tea]in the end, right~

[Besides, who might these people be?]

[This is Takumi-san, Allen-kun and Elena-san . You have heard of them before, right?]

[!]

Because of Grace-sama’s words, Austin-sama fixedly stared at us .

[Takumi-san, let me introduce you . This is my son, Austin . And this is Austin’s princess, Aurora . Ah, Austin is, pretty much, the Crown Prince]

Austin-sama was not only a prince, but a Crown Prince at that! And Aurora-sama is the Crown Princess, I see!

[It an honor to meet you . I am Takumi]

[So you are the adventurer that had an audience with Father the other day! I see……]

It appears that Austin-sama knows about us . But, Austin-sama fell into silence and just continued staring at us as if observing .

Err…… just what is going on, I wonder~……

[Oh dear, Austin’s bad habit resurfaced again . --I am sorry, Takumi-san . Austin has a habit of slowly and carefully observing that which he takes interest in~]

[……]

Ehh!? Then, we really are being observed?

[My, it appears the baked bread has arrived . Austin, stop the impoliteness and sit down . Aurora too]

[I, I am sorry . Let’s do that]

[Excuse me]

Urged by Grace-sama, Austin-sama took a seat and Aurora-sama followed after him .

[Is Allen-kun and Elena-san fine with cream bread?]

[[Un! Cream!]]

After Grace-sama asked Allen and Elena what they would like to eat, she instructed a maid to set the table .

Allen and Elena immediately bit into the cream bread .

[[Dewish~]]

[Fufufu, I am glad to hear that--ah, right . So, Takumi-san? I heard that you have created some sweets that people haven’t tried ever before…… of course, you will let me have a taste as well, right?]

[…… Of course]

I don’t know her source of information, but Grace-sama apparently desired some sweets .

Rather, I feel like this is the main reason we have been called over today…… something like it would be easier to ask for sweets with the pretense of calling us for a tea? …… Well, I don’t really mind anyway .

Erm…… when it comes to sweets Grace-sama might have heard about, then it would be the jelly I taught to the Risner House and Dorayaki . Also, the ice cream I taught to the Ruven House and other three noble houses?

Hmm~ I have all of them pre-made in the《Infinite Storage》, so let’s take all out for now~

[This is it]

[Oh my! All of them look tasty]

Grace-sama was visibly delighted . She might have a sweet tooth .

[This ice cream is the only one that melts, so I recommend starting with that if you are wavering where to start]

[My, is that so? In that case, I shall have this ice cream]

Grace-sama seemed to be troubled over what to pick first, so when I recommended her the ice cream, she immediately took the ice cream in her hands and started eating .

[Oh my dear! It is cold and delicious~ Austin and Aurora, give it a try too]

[I will do just that]

[Yes]

As per Grace-sama’s words, Austin-sama and Aurora-sama began to eat the ice cream too .

I thought so when I offered Kashipan to Tristan-sama before as well, but…… is it okay for the people of the royalty to eat the food I have presented so easily?

I mean, wouldn’t they be trained to be careful against poison or drugs in their food? The moment I thought so--

[My, no need to worry about that]

[Eh!?]

[For someone as powerful as Takumi-san, there would be no need to beat around the bush like this and use poison, right? Rather than acting so doubtful, wouldn’t it be much safer to swiftly assassinate us? Simple, right?]

I was told so by Grace-sama . Somehow…… she said something completely dreadful, didn’t she~

Rather…… do my thoughts appear on my face that much?

[Your thoughts don’t appear on your face that much, so don’t worry about it]

[……]

No, no, no! She can tell what I am thinking after all, right!?

Since my thoughts aren’t appearing that much on my face, then Grace-sama is reading the smallest changes in my expression!?

[Mother really is particularly smart in that aspect, so there’s really no need to mind it . At any rate, she could even understand the emotions of people who were said to be expressionless]

I see . Is that something like Grace-sama’s special skill?

[Oh my, you must be able to read what people with smiles are planning in their hearts . It can’t be helped that I am particularly good at it . You should do your best too, Aurora]

[Yes, Mother]

Eh, what is this!? The upper class is frightening after all!!




Chapter 123

Grace-sama’s organized tea party that suddenly took a place continued with questions about sweets from the beginning until the end . Grace-sama was the one who mostly asked the questions . Aurora-sama had a few questions as well .

The two apparently liked the sweets I took out very much . The two’s interest was both the method of making them as well as what other sweets I made… Well, it’s not like the Queen and Crown Princess will “made them themselves” though .

[Hotcake!]

[Furench toast!]

[Oh my, hotcake and French toast? What kind of sweets are those?]

[[Delish~!]]

[My, my, what wonderful smiles . They must be that much delicious then?]

[[Un!]]

And, about the questions but…… for some reason, Allen and Elena who didn’t show any signs of being shy of strangers were answering them . Grace-sama created an extremely friendly mood .

No, well . I get deeply moved when I consider that the two “grew up” from their excessive shyness .

Ah, but, rather than the two being shy of strangers, they felt more like they had no social experiences . Thus must have gotten used to it after meeting many people .

Well, since Allen and Elena don’t understand their social status, they will get close to people as long as there isn’t a problem with their personality .

Rather, the social status of Allen and Elena who are the children of the Water God is higher… no, I am the Wind God’s--Syl’s retainer, so my social status in this world would also be at the top . However, that’s you know… I am originally of commoner origins . If told that the other party is a Queen or Prince, it’s inevitable to wince a little bit, right?

[Takumi-san, I can understand from the children’s state that those sweets are very delicious, but…… what are they in the end?]

[If I had to say, then both are more like a bread rather than sweets . Erm…… I will prepare them for the next occasion, if there’s any]

[I see~ I wouldn’t be able to eat anymore today after all . Then, I will invite you for tea again and will be relying on you that time, okay?]

[…… Yes]

Ah, I have made a mistake~ Just now, didn’t it feel like I have incited Grace-sama to invite us for tea again?

It’s not like I would dislike seeing Grace-sama again, but…… somehow, my spirit got exhausted, so I would like to avoid that again if possible~ Well, I have promised so it can’t be helped . I have to make sure not to forget to prepare hotcakes and French toasts if invited!

[Takumi-dono, do you have time after this?]

[Yes? Err, I don’t have any plans in particular, so……]

While adjusting the things in my mind, Austin-sama suddenly asked about my plans, so I tilted my head in puzzlement .

[Is that so? If that’s the case, could you please accompany me for a little after this?]

[Yes, I don’t mind, but……]

[My, what’s the matter, Austin?]

[I would like Takumi-dono to see the Knights Order at least once and I thought it would be better to introduce him to Felix as well]

[Ah, that’s true]

Knights Order? Felix? Eh, who’s that?

[…… Umm?]

[Felix is my son . He’s serving as the Knight Commander]

[The position of the Knight Commander in our country has been hereditary in the royal family for generations, and my younger brother is currently serving as the Commander]

Younger brother, that means the Second Prince?

[About that younger brother of mine, he has been concerned about the incident in the Gaya Forest where you saved the Knights and was met with malice instead of gratefulness . It’s only for his self-satisfaction, but would you please come along to receive his apology?]

Ehh!! Apology, you say!? From a Prince?

Uh, it’s that, right? When the young man called Sajesh loved Wald-sama too much and got envious of me for some reason .

[No, no! That was thoroughly personal matter, it isn’t something Felix-sama has to apologize for!]

Sajesh has already received a punishment for that matter . And yet, to receive an apology from the royalty…… what kind of punishment game is that! If something like that happens, I won’t be albe to endure it anymore!!

[But you see, Takumi-san . Felix’s apology aside, wouldn’t it be better for you guys to grasp the location of the Knight Order’s headquarters and practice grounds?]

[Eh?]

[You are apparently acquintances with a few Knights, but…… that’s only a handful of people, right? In that case, how about visiting with the thought of increasing acquintances at least by the face? You would gain Felix’s acquintanceship as well, but if you are together with Austin, you will receive the an appropriate recognition of the Knights . There’s a probability that they will be more accomodating when needed, you know?]

[……]

Grace-sama has a point . I don’t want to think of it much, but…… if we get involved in some kind of trouble and I won’t be able to do anything about it myself at that time, having the Knight Commander Felix-sama on my side would be advantegous . Even if I have friends within the Knights like Wald-sama and Isaac-san, there will be times when those two wouldn’t be able to move .

[Takumi-san looks like someone who gets into trouble easily, so you can’t be too careful, right?]

[Ehh!?]

I couldn’t help but to raise my voice at Grace-sama’s words .

Eh? Do I look like someone who gets into trouble easily? …… No…… yeah, I probably do?

Starting with getting rolled up in Syl’s power, the Gaya Forest’s incident, the incident with Baron Gilbert, the incident with Mermaids…… and most recently, the duel with Raizel… when I look at it like this, there’s quite lot, isn’t there……

I see, I was someone who gets into trouble easily, huh……

……! In that case, I have to switch my mindset and try hard to make many connections even if small!

--Since that’s the case, then Knights Order HQ, here I come!

My guide is, naturally, the Crown Prince! I feel sorry, but beign guided by Austin-sama is important, so I won’t fall back here .

Being guided by Austin-sama was outstandingly effective as we have attracted the attention of the Knights we passed by .

…… Well, I don’t feel too comfortable though .

[Felix, you here?]

[Elder brother!?]

When we arrived at the Knight Commander’s office, Austin-sama knocked on the door and called out . Then, a voice of a panicking man and the sound of someone rushing over resounded from inside .

[Elder brother, is there something a matter as you have come to the Knights Order’s headquarters personally?]

When the door opened, a person that looked exactly like Grace-sama appeared .

There’s no doubt that he’s a man, but this slender person definitely gives off an impression of a “beauty in men’s clothes . ” This person is the Second Prince, Felix-sama huh……

[Felix, are you free right now?]

[Y, yes . Please, come in]

I was guided inside the Knight Commander’s office and took a seat--

[So, Elder brother, who might these people be?]

[They are the people you wanted to meet . Why don’t you take a proper look at them?]

Felix-sama asked about us .

When Austin-sama told him such, Felix-sama took a long hard look at us…… today is a good day for observation, it seems .

[A black-haired young man…… and blue-haired twins? ……!! -- Elder brother! Thease people are-!!]

[That’s right . They are whom you are thinking of]

Felix-sama has apparently guess who we are .

[It’s Takumi-dono, isn’t it!]

[Yes, it’s an honor to meet you]

Yes, he was right .

[Our group member was impolite at that time . I am truly sorry!]

And, the moment he figured who I was, Felix-sama lowered his head .

[Fe, Felix-sama, please raise your head]

…… In the end, I was apologized to by a Prince .

Rather, is it really all right for royalty to lower their heads this easily?

[The distinction of right and wrong is important even among the royalty after all . Otherwise, arrogant royalty would run rampant, don’t you think?]

[……]

It was Austin-sama this time!! I told you! Please stop reading my mind!!




Chapter 124

[You look satisfied, Felix . Raise your head already if that’s the case . More than that will only trouble Takumi-dono]

[…… That’s so, isn’t it?]

With Austin-sama’s words, Felix-sama finally raised his head .

Haa~…… today is somewhat mentally tiring, insn’t it……

[Ah, right! We have to pay Takumi-dono for the leaves of Majesta tree, don’t we?]

[Did you say Majesta, Felix!??]

[Yes, Elder brother . I heard that Takumi-dono picked them on the way from Bailey to the Capital and handed them over to our Knights]

[Takumi-dono, is that true?]

[Yes, by coincidence]

Ahh, Majesta’s leaves, huh…… I received too many shocks I have completely forgotten about it~

[Still, how did you pick them? You were traveling, weren’t you? That tree isn’t something you can freely climb……]

[Allen, got it~]

[Elena got it too~]

Just as Austin-sama was asking how I got the leaves, Allen and Elena claimed that they picked them themselves .

[N? What do they mean?]

But, Austin-sama and Felix-sama don’t seem to have understood the children, so they made puzzled expressions .

[Actually…… the picking was done mainly by the children, you see~]

[What!? The children!?]

[I, I haven’t heard about that! Is that the truth!?]

So, when I conveyed properly that the children did the picking, Austin-sama and Felix-sama looked at the children with surprise on their faces .

[[We climbedmon!]]

Unable to stomach Austin-sama’s and Felix-sama’s reaction, Allen and Elena exclaimed one more time .

[[Climbeeed~!?]]

[[Un!]]

[Onii~ chan did]

[Po~n, to us~]

[N? Po, po~n?]

[Takumi-dono, what are they talking about?]

The princes couldn’t understand the children and looked at me with lost expressions .

[Ah~…… I threw the children on top of the tree……]

[[Haa!?]]

When I explained what I did at that time, the princes stiffened while letting out shocked voices .

Well, you wouldn’t usually use such method to climb a tree after all .

[No, no, that would be dangerous, wouldn’t it!?]

[That’s right . It wouldn’t end just with an injury if they fell down, you know!]

After a short while, Austin-sama abruptly stood up and complained about our actions . Felix-sama followed in agreement .

The two princes are good people . They are worried about the children even though the matter is already over .

[Well, that’s if they “could fall” though . My children have quite the physical capability, so they were fine . Besides, I was waiting below, so I would have caught them if they have fallen by any chance . But, thank you very much for worrying]

[[……]]

Austin-sama and Felix-sama finally became quiet .

As Wald-sama said at that time, our actions were out of the norm .

[Ahh, which reminds me, I should have taken this out during the tea]

I retrieved Majesta fruits from the《Infinite Storage》and piled them up on the table before me .

It’s a rare fruit so it would have been better if I had taken them out when we were having tea…… it can’t be helped since I have forgotten . But, if I take a little bit more here, it will naturally reach Grace-sama and Tristan-sama too .

[[Majesta fruit!]]

[Please have some if you’d like]

[No, no, no, Takumi-dono! You were picking the leaves, right? Why do you have the fruit too!? Moreover, this many of them!]

Austin-sama was greatly flustered .

Normally, there’s no such a thing as fruit bearing and leaves turning red at in such short time .

Therefore, we have not find it strange and picked lots of fruit while collecting the leaves . It was a rare fruit, so it was impossible to not pick extra .

[Huh? Have you not heard? We have picked the fruit before the leaves, but……]

[I haven’t received a report like that!]

Felix-sama immediately reacted to my words .

N~ Wald-sama aside, did Isaac-san forget to make a report? I don’t think it would be possible for that person though…… ah, he might have buried within the reports of the Majesta leaves and Orc assault .

[Well, we have lots so go ahead]

[[…… Lots?]]

[[Un! Ma~ny!]]

As a matter of fact, Allen and Elena worked hard at picking the fruit so we have quite a lot .

Come to think of it, we have eaten the fruit only raw~ I found it delicious when raw, but I would like to try making other things from it too~

N~ would it be worthwhile making syrup and mixing it into ice cream?

A method to make that………… I surprisingly can’t remember . Well, let’s challenge it when there’s time . While thinking such--

[…… Elder brother, I somehow got tired from being surprised too much]

[…… What a coincidence, Felix . Me too]

Austin-sama and Felix-sama started a secret talk (?) in low voices .

[I heard of Takumi-dono’s achievements and I also heard the stories from the Knights that accompanied him, but…… he’s straight above the person I have been imagining]

………… O~y?

They seem to be talking about me, but…… I hear everything you are saying, you see……

[That’s right . It’s just my guess, but I have a feeling that there are more shocking stories rolling around him . Stories beneficial to the country or such]

No~ there aren’t many shocking topics, you know? …… There aren’t, right?

[Won’t you leave it for the next time? I had enough for today]

[N~ that’s true . Mother said she will send him an invitation for tea again, so there will be an opportunity]

[For tea?]

[Yeah, both Mother and Aurora has become captivated by the sweets prepared by Takumi-dono, so she will surely call him over soon]

That’s right . They wanted to eat the French toast and hotcakes after all .

[…… Sweets, is it?]

[Yeah . I also ate them, but I have never eaten such things before, they were quite delicious]

[Ah, come to think of it, I heard from the Knights that Takumi-dono is a capable chef . That he excels at camping meals in particular]

Camping meals of the Knights is…… that is that, right? Just a dried meat with salty soup . I got compared to that after all~ Wouldn’t any housewife with a little bit more skill be able to make something more delicious than that?

…… Rather, how long are the two of you intending to be talking in secret (?) . The contents are something you could have asked directly, so I would be happy if you finished soon~

[…… Umm~]

[A, ah, sorry . Err, you really don’t mind if we receive these Majesta fruits?]

[Yes, go ahead]

--Knock, knock .

Just when Austin-sama’s and Felix-sama’s consciousness returned back on us, the door was knocked at .

[Excuse me, Commander . I need you to sign these documents plea……--oh my, Takumi-san?]

[Hello, Isaac-san]

[[Hello~]]

It was Isaac-san who entered .




Chapter 125

Isaac-san has come to the Knight Commander Felix-sama in order to have some documents signed, but he opened his eyes in surprise when he saw us .

[Majesta fruit? Ah, have you perhaps come to receive the payment for the Majesta leaves?]

But, seeing the Majesta fruit on top of the table, Isaac-san immediately guessed why we are here .

Well, that would be half-correct? We came here for a different reason, the discussion just turned to the payment for the Majesta leaves .

[We have come here for a different reason, but now, the payment for the Majesta leaves somehow became the topic]

[Is that so? So, what’s up with these Majesta fruits? Have you decided to sell them? here]

[This? This is you see~…… a tribute?]

[Oh my, a tribute for the princes? That is a very high-class tribute, isn’t it~]

Then, when I addressed the Majesta fruits on the table in a joking manner, Isaac-san immediately got on .

[Takumi-dono, what are you saying!? Risner too! What are you nodding your head in consent for!]

But, Felix-sama ended up getting angry .

Isaac-san immediately apologized…… was it not something we should have said in front of his superiors after all~?

[Kuku . Felix, the two are just joking around, no need to get so worked up]

The joke has been understood by Austin-sama, so he rebuked Felix-sama with a wry smile .

Punishing Isaac-san or something…… I’m glad it didn’t come to that~ I have to choose a proper place when telling a joke the next time!

[Well then, Takumi-dono . We will accept this Majesta fruit without reservation]

[Yes, go ahead]

[I believe both Father and Mother will be delighted . They have tasted it before and liked it very much after all]

Do Tristan-sama and Grace-sama love the Majesta fruit? I see, I’m glad then~

[Come on, Felix . Prepare the payment for Takumi-dono]

[Y, yes . Right away!]

With Austin-sama’s words, Felix-sama called another Knight to the room and made arrangements for the payment .

Ah, come to think of it, Majesta leaves are ingredients for medicine that the Knights are desperately desiring . I wonder if they made the medicine already? Wald-sama looked like he was rushing to make it after all~

[Which reminds me, have you finished making the medicine from the Majesta leaves?]

[No, that’s……]

The topic has changed, but when I asked whether the medicine was made or not, Isaac-san was evasive for some reason .

[N? What’s the matter?]

[Actually…… the creation of the medicine can’t progress because we are missing one of the materials]

Felix-sama answered instead of Isaac-san .

[Is that so? Is that material perhaps a rare one as well?]

[No . It’s called Ice Flower Grass and it’s not that rare, but…… that medicinal plant grows only during the cold season]

[Hee~]

Is that so? Umm…… --Ahh, Ice Flower Grass, huh~ I see, you can tell it grows during the cold season just from its name . But, well, only the heyday is during the cold season, so it’s not like it’s not growing in the current season, right~

[Herbs~]

[Search for~]

Then, hearing about searching for herbs, Allen and Elena pulled on my clothes from both sides .

[[[N?]]]

The two princes and Isaac-san made wondering faces at Allen’s and Elena’s words .

[…… Err, Allen-kun, Elena-san . By searching for, do you mean the Ice Flower Grass?]

[[Un!]]

The one who understood Allen and Elena fastest was Isaac-san who has known them for the longest .

[Ice Flower Grass is a medicinal plant that grows only when it’s cold, so I think it would be difficult to find them?]

[[There’s none~?]]

[No, it’s not like there are none……]

Isaac-san was hesitating to answer the inquiring twins .

He can’t say that there’s “none” but he also can’t say that there “are” to raise their expectations .

[[Onii~ chan, let’s go~]]

Pull, pull, the children pulled on my clothes again .

N~ let’s see~ After coming to the capital, I let the two experience only stiff things like the audience, so it might be good to go play outside of the town .

[Sure . Let’s go search for herbs tomorrow?]

[[Really~?]]

[Really]

[[Yaay~!]]

When I promised them to go picking herbs, the two were obviously delighted .

[Eh, Takumi-dono? Are you really going to search for the Ice Flower Grass? It would be better not to……]

Seeing our exchange, Felix-sama asked with panic in his voice . It seems that he’s trying to stop us because there’s a high possibility of not finding any .

[Although I said picking herbs, it’s mainly to let the kids play outside to their heart’s content, so don’t mind it please]

[…… Ah, so it’s like that]

When I conveyed that it would be fine even if we don’t find the Ice Flower Grass, Felix-sama understood .

[Commander, I believe it’s too early to feel relived]

[Eh?]

However, Isaac-san stopped him right there .

[Consider me talking to myself, but Takumi-san and the children really might be able to find the Ice Flower Grass . If that were the case, I believe it would be better to sign a contract of purchase!]

[Wha! Isaac-san!?]

You, don’t you have some kind of misunderstanding about us?

[There’s a less than 10% chance of finding it, you know!? Are you still saying that they will find it!?]

[Yes! We are talking about Takumi-san and the children after all!]

[…… I, I see]

No, no, no! I’m really not thinking about finding this Ice Flower Grass this time, you know?

I’m telling you that I’m using it only as a pretext to go play in the forest!

Rather, Felix-sama…… why are you consenting there? Austin-sama is also plainly nodding……

[Then, Takumi-dono . Would you sell the Ice Flower Grass to the Knights Order if you find some?]

[No, umm…… I’m really thinking of just going to play in the forest this time, but……]

[Yes, I understand that . Since Risner is pushing that much, just a verbal agreement is enough . It’s only if you “find” it by coincidence]

Well, I don’t mind that……

[…… I understand . But, I would be happy if you weren’t expecting much]

[Of course . I believe it would be difficult to find them in the current season after all]

That being the case, we decided to make a verbal agreement to sell the Ice Flower Grass to the Knights Order were we come across it .

I really don’t know whether we will find it or not, but it’s not like there will be many Ice Flower Grasses before their heyday, so we might have lost the chance to pick them up .

Well, I don’t have any plans to use the Ice Flower Grass even if we came across it by any chance, so I would have to store it in the《Infinite Storage》and sell it at the Adventurer’s Guild anyway .

[Ahh, looks like the payment has arrived too]

[That seems to be the case . Well then, Takumi-dono, this is the payment for the Majesta leaves . Could you confirm it?]

After receiving the payment, we decided it was time to leave .

Isaac-san has seen us off from the Commander’s office to the gate, but at that time, he asked me about Tonkatsu . Apparently, Wald-sama has been boasting about eating it, so he wanted to eat it himself . Well, I don’t mind treating Isaac-san, so I immediately responded with acknowledgment .

Isaac-san will come to the Ruven mansion in the near future, or we might visit the Risner mansion ourselves .




Chapter 126

[[Onii~ chan!]]

[N? Is something the ma--……!?]

--Shocking . An indescribable spectacle is currently happening right before my eyes .

It happened when walking in the forest near the capital while looking for a medicinal plant called Ice Flower Grass .

[Cute ones~]

[Many~]

After looking for medicinal plants in a thicket, Allen and Elena returned while holding small bunnies .

It’s adorableness was on a degree it could be only described as fiendish .

The bunnies which the two held were Pestel Rabbit . Cowardly creatures that will run away at full speed in front of humans . Their size reaches a size that even an adult like me would have to hold one with both of my hands .

Their fur is monochrome . It goes from the normal bunny’s white, brown, black and grey to colorful colors such as red, blue, pink and yellow . They are bunnies with abundant color variation .

I don’t know how their heredity works, but it seems that children won’t be necessarily born of the same color as their parents . It appears to be impossible to predict with what fur color the children will be born .

They are popular as pets because of their appearances, but they are more or less, F-rank monsters .

I often see requests to capture Pastel Rabbits at the Adventurer’s Guild . It’s a low-rank request, but the degree of difficulty as actually high .

The presence detection ability of Pastel Rabbits is excellent, so finding them is a difficulty on its own . Moreover, once you find them, they flee the moment you approach . They are monsters like that .

Well, on the other hand, the reward for capturing them should be set relatively high .

Five of those bunnies . A white bunny in Allen’s arms . A pink one in Elena’s . Moreover, another cream-colored, tawny, and light blue bunnies are gathered at their feet .

[Allen, Elena, those Pastel Rabbits didn’t run from you?]

[[They came~]]

[Eh!? The Pastel Rabbits approached you?]

[[Un!]]

To tame them on the first sight… should I say as expected or that’s like Allen and Elena or……

Allen and Elena rushed over to me while each holding a Pastel Rabbit . Then, the three Pastel Rabbits at their feet chased after them .

They are chasing instead of fleeing……

When I crouched and tried presenting my hand, their noses twitched as their approached .

I heard that they get attached to a degree when kept as pets, but…… it’s not normal for wild ones to be this easily tamed . To put it bluntly, it’s abnormal, but well things like that happen……?

[[Cute, aren’t they~]]

Seeing the children play with the bunnies is really calming . It’s calming, but……

[Allen, Elena . What are you going to do about these children?]

[[Uh?]]

If we had a home we could have kept them, but…… unfortunately, we are currently freeloaders . Therefore, it’s not like we can bring them back .

[[Like everyone . Can’t~?]]

[…… Everyone?]

[[Un!]]

[Joule, Bolt and]

[Feat, Vector~]

[Ah, you meant it like that……]

Allen and Elena want me to contract the Pastel Rabbits . Pastel Rabbits are monsters after all . Indeed, contracting them would be possible . There wouldn’t be a problem with my magical power .

Besides, if I contract them, it would be possible to put them into the shadow, so there wouldn’t be a problem with a place to keep them .

[[Can’t~?]]

[Gu……]

…… The two pleaded with puppy eyes .

Call me soft, but it’s impossible for me to say no to them here……

[…… Fine . But, you will have to regularly play with them and take care of them, okay?]

[[Un!]]

I decided to contract them promptly .

Come to think of it, Joule and others were contracted beasts to begin with while the contract with Kaiser is just a provisional one, so this will be my first genuine contract .

I had Allen and Elena put the Pastel Rabbits in their arms down and I developed the contract magic circle . Then, the five Pastel Rabbits became my contracted beasts without any resistance .

[Yeah, it went well without problems . Now then, we will have to name them]

[[Name~?]]

[That’s right . Will Allen and Elena give them names?]

[[Hmmm, you see……--]]

The white one is[Shiro]

The pink one is[Pipi]

The tawny one is[Chacha]

The cream one is[Reamu]

The light blue one is[Mimi]

Allen and Elena thought very hard and named the five animals as such .

When I asked[How about the white one], the two replied[[Shiro]] . [The pink one?][[Pipi]]they named them in such manner . They are names thoroughly based on the fur color . It’s simple, but cute .

Well anyhow, five genuine pets were added to our family .

◇ ◇ ◇

We were also able to luckily find the Ice Flower Grass in a small quantity . I thought, just maybe, but…… Allen and Elena found them quietly growing in the shade of a tree .

We accomplished our objective, so we returned to the town after playing plentifully . But there, a problem occurred .

[Onii~ chan, maaany~]

[Following~]

[…… Allen, Elena . You mustn’t look back, okay?]

[[Yesss]]

Now then, what to do?

While returning from the forest to the town, several Pastel Rabbits started following us for some reason . We are slightly separated, but they are keeping a perfectly fixed distance from us .

The Pastel Rabbits I have contracted--Shiro and others are already in the shadows with Joule and others, so they are currently not here . Those following us sare wild Pastel Rabbits .

[You have Shiro and others, so those guys are not allowed, alright?]

[[Yesss]]

Just them, I cautioned Allen and Elena . I’m already contracting five Pastel Rabbits . Even if the two plead with me, as expected, I won’t contract more of them than this .

We are currently in the forest so it can’t be helped, but they surely won’t follow us after we leave the forest--

[……]

[[They coming~]]

--Is what I thought, but…… the Pastel Rabbits were following us even after we got on the highway .

Why? They are cowardly monsters, right? They are monsters who flee from people, right? Why are they normally following us? That’s strange!

I don’t understand well, but…… are they following us because they judged they will be safe by our side, or something?

[[…… Onii~ chan]]

[Ugh~~~]

The Pastel Rabbits finally came over to our feet .

What am I supposed to do about this? Although the opponents are monsters, beating down something so cute and harmless would be a little~……

[[Return~?]]

[Ugh! Right . Let’s return them to the forest!]

We put the large amount of Pastel Rabbits following us in a basket and released them back in the forest . Then, we went on our way once again . But--

[[Coming, aren’t they~]]

[……]

The Pastel Rabbits were following us again .

[Ahh, geez! Why are they following us?]

[[I wonder why~?]]

[What do they want from us?]

[[Keep~?]]

[No~ we certainly can’t keep more than that, you know?]

[[Give~?]]

[N? Ohh!]

That might be a good idea .

Even if we bring the Pastel Rabbits back into the forest, they will definitely follow after us again . In that case, why don’t we bring them with us and give them to someone to keep?

Fortunately, Pastel Rabbits are popular as pets, so they will surely be many people who will accept them .

When decided, I put the Pastel Rabbits in the basket once more .

It was like that before too, but the Pastel Rabbits entered the basket very obediently .

[Alright! Shall we return then?]

[[Un!]]




Chapter 127

While walking on the highway, a creature resembling a squirrel appeared before us . Its ears were slightly longish for a squirrel, and above all, its entire body was emerald-green .

That should be, if I’m not mistaken, a monster called Forest Rat . It’s just a small animal similar to the Pastel Rabbit, but unlike only having cute appearances like the Pastel Rabbit, it should be a considerably troublesome monster .

That very Forest Rat is for some reason running towards us .

Far from being vigilant, Allen and Elena stared with their eyes open wide at the approaching adorable animal . Anyhow, preparing for battle doesn’t seem necessary .

But, today seems to be the day of encountering small animals .

[Kyui]

[Uniyu!]

[Oh~]

The Forest Rat who came up to our feet climbed up on Allen and sat on his head .

Allen let out a startled voice while Elena looked at Allen enviously .

《Ah~…… can you hear me?》

[Eh!?]

《How do you do? I’m the Earth God Nomoodle》

[Pardon!?]

Ehh-!? This squirrel is the Earth God Nomoodle-sama!?

《This Forest Rat is a monster . My voice is only reaching through this Forest Rat as I’m actually in the Sanctuary》

[Oh!!]

A reply came for what I was thinking in my mind .

Come to think of it, Gods are able to read minds . That ability is effective even when not meeting directly, huh……

[Excuse me . How do you do, Nomoodle-sama . I’m called Takumi]

《Yes, yes . I’m aware . You have been a hot topic within the Sanctuary recently . I’ve heard that you are Sylphreel’s retainer and have received Marianora-sama’s divine protection . Moreover, you are raising Windell’s children, and even received Salamanteel’s favor . Wouldn’t that make me an outcast? Therefore, I thought of talking to you like this》

[……]

It seems that Nomoodle-sama has contacted me with appropriately terrific reason .

He gives off a calm impression from his way of talking and the tone of his voice, but he seems to be quite a bold God .

Rather, wait a moment! The hot topic of the Sanctuary…… what that might be about!? As for others…… well, they are all true~

Still, I didn’t think a God would contact me in a way like this!

With this, I got involved with all of the Gods in some way or shape, huh~

[…… Is that all right?]

《By all right you mean? There’s no problem with talking to you through a living being like this, you know?》

[…… Is that so?]

《Yeah》

I see, it’s all right…… I thought it might be done through overbearing means, but that doesn’t seem to be the case . Rather, the Forest Rat has moved from Allen’s head to Elena’s head before I noticed .

[Err…… did you take this form just because you wanted to talk with me, Nomoodle-sama?]

《I heard that you made contributions with many dishes》

[Yes, looks like it]

Talking about cooking? I heard that cooking is the domain of the Fire God Salamanteel’s, so it should be unrelated to the Earth God Nomoodle-sama, right?

《That’s not the case, you know?》

[……!]

Nomoodle-sama denied what I was thinking about .

It seems he has read my mind again .

《The ingredients--in other words, the crops are part of my domain . Seeing them getting widely utilized is a joyous thing》

[I, is that so? I’m glad I could be of help]

I see, I can consent to that .

《There are still many ingredients that this world hasn’t seen yet . Ah, of course, there are things similar to Takumi-san’s world and things unique to this world . I have expectations for the future, so please do your best》

[…… I will work hard]

Although I say that, the things I can do are limited~

《Letting the children eat delicious stuff while living carefreely like you were up until now . That’s enough》

[……]

I would like you to stop reading my mind so naturally……

《Ah, right, right, Takumi-san . Please contract this Forest Rat by all means》

Ah, yeah, he smoothly ignored me, huh~

《It’s combat power isn’t that high, but it’s of a dexterous race, so I believe it will be useful to you in various ways》

[…… Thank you very much]

Haa…… first of all, let’s use【Appraisal】on the Forest Rat .

＝＝＝＝＝

【Name】

【Race】Forest Rat［Takumi’s Contracted Beast］

【Age】5

【Level】20

【Skills】

Earth Magic

Wood Magic

Seclusion

Telepathy

Oracle

Presence Detection

Abnormal Status Resistance

＝＝＝＝＝

Ah~ yeah . This Forest Rat does indeed posses【Earth Magic】and【Wood Magic】skills that we don’t . As Nomoodle-sama said, it will be quite useful .

Rather, it has already become my Contracted Beast, so returning it would be impossible!

《Ahh, let’s make Takumi-san able to use Earth magic too》

[T, thank you very much]

《All that’s left are items, huh . I will choose suitable things later and send them to you, alright?》

[No, no, you don’t have to go that far……]

《Don’t say that . It’s not like I can fall behind the others . Please look forward to it》

[……]

Nomoodle-sama unexpectedly hates to lose, it seems? No, is that his pride?

Well, if he decided on giving me items, then I will quietly receive them .

《It was a worthwhile time today . Well then, let’s meet again》

Probably feeling satisfied, Nomoodle-sama left . The Forest Rat he used as the vessel curiously looked around .

[N?]

…… Huhh? Just now, did Nomoodle-sama say[Again]? Eh, there’s[Again]!?

At that time, will this Forest Rat become his vessel once again?

[Kyui?]

When I looked at the Forest Rat who moved back on Allen’s head…… it curiously returned my stare .

[Ahh, sorry, sorry . Right, we have to name you]

[Kyui!]

Remembering that I have not named the Forest Rat yet, I hurriedly started thinking of a name .

[N~ right . Mairu…… how about that?]

《Un, it’s Mairu nano! Takumi Nii, please take care of me nano!》

[Oh?]

Ah, come to think of it, Mairu already has the【Telepathy】skill . Although you feel somewhat connected after making the contract, being able to talk directly is several times more convenient~

[[Mairu~?]]

[That’s right . Mairu is our child starting today as well . Get along with her you two]

[[Un!]]

When I introduced Allen and Elena to Mairu, Mairu who was on Allen’s head moved to his arms .

《I’m Mairu nano! Let’s get along nano!》

[Allen nano~]

[Elena nano~]

After introducing themselves to Mairu, they were playing with her while moving her from arms to arms . Allen and Elena played by mimicking Mairu’s way of speaking .

It seems they will get along with no problems .




Chapter 128

[Excuse m--…… huh?]

[Takumi-kun, welcome back . Allen-kun, Elena-san, welcome back as well]

[Ah, we are back]

[[Are back~]]

When I returned to the Ruven House, I immediately sought out Mathias-san . I wanted to see him in order to get permisson to let the Pastel Rabbits stay at the mansion until I find someone to take them .

When I knocked at the door of Matthias-san’s office so that I could meet with him immediately, I got the permission to enter . But, when I looked into the office, I was startled by two men sitting on a sofa facing Matthias-san .

[So, what’s the matter?]

[I, I’m sorry . I didn’t know you had guests]

[They are people of a company I called for a private order, so it’s fine . Right, Takumi-san . Won’t you look at this for a bit?]

[Err…… yes, excuse me]

Matthias-san held out a few sheets of paper, so I approached Matthias-san, received the papers and checked the contents . They are apparently designs for a necklace .

The people Matthias-san is meeting seem to be jewelry merchants or perhaps designers?

[Allen too~]

[Elena too~]

[Ah, yes, yes]

While checking the designs, Allen and Elena drew closer to me . I stooped down to let the two see and the two peeked at the designs from the side .

[It’s for females, isn’t it? Is it perhaps for Rebecca-san?]

[Yeah, it’s almost Rebecca’s birthday, so it’s for a present . What do you think?]

[They are simple, but I think they are good designs]

[It’s simple after all……]

[……?]

There are three pictures of the designs, but all of them are metal pendants with a smallish pearl(?) attached to a chain . All are neat designs promoting the pearl . But, simple is apparently not good for Matthias-san .

[There’s no problem if there were for daily use, but taking them to an evening party would be……]

[Ahh……]

Indeed, it might be too simple for that……

The evening party dresses of the nobility have a gorgeous image, so a necklace like this might be too weak in comparison .

[Is this jewel supposed to be a pearl?]

[Yes, that’s correct . Wearing pearls is currently the trend, so I requested to make a design incorporating a pearl……]

It’s not good for a Count House to not chase the trends, or something like that?

This is what is troublesome when being a noble~

[Are you going to use one of those pearls? I’m sorry for being impolite, but those don’t seem too good……]

Several pearls were lined up on the table in front of Matthias-san, but not a single one of them stood out . Their shapes were distorted, and they had scratches on them .

[These were supposed to be the best among the pearls at our store……]

They were apparently the best pieces .

Realizing that my glabella wrinkled, one of the merchants said ashamedly .

[Pearls are rare in the first place and only a few reach the market, so people bring them to the evening parties to boast . They start being noisy and say things like[You have not get your hands on it yet?] . Although Rebecca keeps them company while ignoring them……]

Uwa~ Are the women engaged in a secret battle of wives!?

I see . Matthias-san wants to give a necklace to Rebecca-san that wouldn’t lose to noisy wives . In that case--

[Matthias-san, if it’s about pearls then won’t you use a few that I have on me? They are of a much better quality than those lined up here]

[Really? May I take a look?]

[Yes, I don’t mind]

I took out several pearls from the《Infinite Storage》 .

[These are wonderful!]

[Wha, what!]

[This is!!]

The three let out voices of admiration .

[I have several, so how about connecting the pearls of the same size together? I believe they would look exceptional depending on the dress]

First, I took out pearls of similar sizes and lined them up to form a pearl necklace . As expected, when talking about a pearl necklace it should be like this .

The color is royal white . Rebecca-san has red hair and red eyes, so I think white pearls would suit her the best~

[You want to use pearls so extravagantly?]

[I have a few, so it will work, you know? Right! How about making matching earrings or a hair ornament too?]

I remember seeing a pearl accessory set on a teleshopping programme .

Huh? In the case of a tri-set, it wouldn’t be a hair ornament but a ring, right? Well, there no need to fuss over the type, right?

[No…… Takumi-kun?]

Matthias-san was dumbfounded a little, but I can’t pull back after going this far…… thus, I decided to try pressing a little bit more and took out a slightly larger pearl .

[I also have something like this]

[[[Wwha!?]]]

The movements of the three instantly stopped . Eh, did I go too far?

However, the pearl I took out is only about a thumbnail size . It’s a size larger than the necklace pearls . To think this would make them shocked~……

If I took the biggest one on me, the golf ball sized pearl out, what reaction would they make? I feel like wanting to see their reaction, but…… let’s restrain myself .

[Takumi-kun is truly outrageous…… to think you would have an article like this on you……]

While Matthias-san sighed, the merchants started inspecting the pearl .

[What do you guys think?]

[It’s an article of rare beauty . A pearl this size surely haven’t appeared on the market before]

[Yes, that’s right . Moreover, I have no doubts that the design this gentleman proposed would suit your wife well]

[But……]

The merchants praised, but Matthias-san frowned .

[…… Is that no good?]

[It’s not that, but…… even the royal family surely doesn’t possess a fine article like this . There’s no way I could send Rebecca to an evening party knowing that, right?]

[……]

So that was the reason Matthias-san was frowning, huh . Nobles really seem to have it troublesome~……

However, I have a simple solution for that .

[In that case, let’s order some accessories made from the big size pearls and send them to Grace-sama and Aurora-sama . And then, we could make Rebecca-san’s necklace from pearls of this size . How about that?]

[Eh!? Wait a moment, Takumi-san . From the way you said that, it felt like you have more of these big sized pearls though?]

[I do?]

[What!?]

[[What did you say!?]]

I took out only one of the big sized pearls, so Matthias-san and the merchants must have thought I only have that one .

Since it’s like that, it will be the same if I took out another one…… is what I thought, but that doesn’t seem to be the case .

I wonder what will they do once I tell them I have more of these? Well, I don’t plan on displaying more than this though~

First of all, let’s take out another pearl of similar size . Right~ let’s take out a pink colored one .

[[[It’s colored!?]]]

[N?]

Huh? They were surprised by the pink pearl I took out .

Eh? Was showing them colored pearls not good by any chance?

[I, I’m sorry . Are colored pearls that rare?]

[Far from rare…… it’s my first time seeing one]

[I also haven’t seem one before]

[I’m the same . In the first place, I wasn’t aware that pearls of different color than white exist……]

[……]

It appears that I have done it again .




Chapter 129

[Allen also has~ Blue one~]

[Elena too~ Elena’s is yellow~]

[Ah! Wait--]

I wasn’t able to stop Allen and Elena who took out their pearls from their item bags . They were a golf ball sized pearls the two liked and picked when we were shown to the dumping place of the Mermaid Village by Mirena-san .

[[[……!!]]]

[Ah~……]

Seeing that, Matthias-san and others completely froze .

[[Huhh~?]]

[…… Allen, Elena . Wooould you please put that in your bags at once?]

[[This, no good~?]]

[It’s not bad, but everyone is startled . Therefore, let’s hide it for a moment, okay?]

[[U~n? Got it~]]

[Good children . Allen and Elenda[Don’t have them]okay?]

[[Don’t have them!]]

[[[No, no, no!]]]

[How about, you did not see any--]

[[[That wouldn’t be possible, right!!!]]]

[That won’t work, huh……]

While the Matthias-san and others were frozen, I told the children to hide the pearls in their bags and thought of making it seem as they saw an illusion… but, that wasn’t possible, huh . Bad luck .

[Takumi-kun! What’s with that out of the common sense sized pearl! Moreover, it’s blue! And a yellow one too!? What’s going on!?]

[It was a gift]

[A, a gift!? Such outrageous article!?]

When I answered Matthias-san honestly, “I don’t believe you” expression floated on his face .

I also thought so when I asked for these pearls, but they told me that they are worthless to the Merfolk after all~

[Excellent quality, different colors, and even the size, huh…… ah~ I get it now . What Wald was talking about was this, I see~]

[Eh……?]

Wald-sama? Just what did Wald-sama tell Matthias-san?

[Well you see, I was cautioned by Wald that “Be careful of the more than unexpected mess that will go in unexpected direction” . I couldn’t imagine what he meant, but now…… he meant something like this, I can now consent]

[…………]

Ehhhhh—!

Wald-sama, what an unfair thing to say~ Moreover, Matthias-san…… he’s consenting to it……

[I did not think such outrageous articles like that would come out . I can’t precisely calculate the worth of those pearls]

Haa…… as I thought, pearls of that size have such unthinkable value~

If he found out how many of them I have…… that would be bad, right? I definitely won’t let him find out how many of those pearls I have . But, you see~……--

[Pearls of this size should be occasionally dropped by Big Shells, but…… are they that valuable?]

[Indeed, as Takumi-kun says, there are documents that state “Huge pearls can be obtained from Big Shells” . However, I have never actually heard of someone obtaining a pearl from Big Shell . Big Shells are dwelling in the depths of the sea, so I have never seen Big Shell itself before!]

…… Come to think of it, Big Shells dwell in the deep seas~ Since that’s the case, humans generally can’t visit those regions~

On the contrary, the chance to encounter Big Shells are pretty high for Merfolk who reside in the depths of the sea~

[And yet! How could the children be in a possession of pearls like that!?]

[[Uniyu~?]]

[…… Is there a problem for them having it?]

[Problem…… a problem, huh~ Let’s se…… if there’s a problem then there “is” if there isn’t, then there “isn’t”]

[……]

No, no, no, which is it in the end-!?

[It means that if this gets out in the public, it will become a problem]

[Ermm……?]

[I’m not going to let anything bad happen, so can you entrust this matter to me?]

[Y, yes, go ahead please]

Matthias-san who grinned seems to be thinking of something bad .

[Ahh, would you sell a few of these pearls to me?]

[Yes, of course]

[I see . Now then--]

Entrusting everything about the pearls to Matthias-san, he immediately strictly ordered the merchants not to disclose anything regarding the golf ball sized pearls . On the other hand, he requested to buy several of the thumb-sized pearls as a bait(?) .

Since the merchants were able to receive good quality pearls, they immediately acknowledged . It appears they preferred certain profits rather than the information about the pearls that couldn’t be properly valued .

The talks then progressed without a hitch . We sold the pearls, ordered a necklace for Rebecca-san, earrings for Grace-sama and a hair ornament for Aurora-sama . Finally, the merchants left with pleased expressions .

[Rebecca will surely be surprised by the completed necklace~ ahh! That reminds me, Takumi-san, you wanted to talk with me about something, right? I’m sorry, I have slowed you down because of my negotiations . So, what did you want to talk about?]

After the merchants left, Matthias-san remembered the reason I came to his office and inquired .

…… I have completely forgotten about my original purpose too though .

[Ah~ that’s right . Actually, I have a request for you, Matthias-san]

[Request? What is it?]

I decided to talk about the Pastel Rabbits which were my original purpose .

[Yes, it’s about these children……]

Thinking that it would be faster to show him, I took off the lid of the basket and showed Matthias-san the Pastel Rabbits inside .

[N? Pastel Rabbits? You have quite a lot of them there~]

[Indeed . We came across them in the forest, but they wouldn’t leave us alone…… would it be possible to keep these children in the mansion until I find someone to keep them?]

[…… This is something again . I don’t have a problem with that]

When I explained that the wild Pastel Rabbits wouldn’t separate from us, Matthias-san made an expression that wanted to say something but couldn’t, but he gave the permission to keep them in the mansion in the meanwhile .

That being the case, I have to quickly look for their new owners . Even though I got the permission, if I draw it out…… I would probably get too attached after all~

[But…… you are not keeping them but rather looking for keepers?]

[Yes, I have already contracted different children, so keeping even these guys would be a little bit……]

[Oh my, that so? So, have you decided whom to entrust them to?]

[No, I will look for them from now on]

[I see . In that case, I happen to know of a few people who would love to keep a Pastel Rabbit, would you mind if I talked to them?]

[Not at all, I would be very thankful for that!]

Even if I search, I don’t have that many acquaintances . I thought I had no choice but to search blindly .

And, I thought of bringing them to the Adventurer’s Guild and putting them up for the requests if I had no other choice in the end . But that…… would feel as if I was disposing of them, so I wouldn’t like to do that~ I wanted to avoid that .

Therefore, I’m really grateful to Matthias-san .

After that, thanks to Matthias-san’s referral, all of the Pastel Rabbits were handed over .

Most of them were given to sons and daughters of the nobles Matthias-san was close with .

But before that, Rebecca-san who witnessed the children playing with the Pastel Rabbits decided to keep one in the Ruven House, and Grace-sama and Aurora-sama who got the word from who knows where, each decided to keep one .

By the way, I also brought the Ice Flower Grass to Felix-sama while delivering the Pastel Rabbits, but I was completely buried in Pastel Rabbits, but I digress .




Chapter 130

[Oh my, what might this be?]

[I have never seen something like this before]

[But, it looks really delicious~]

Today, there’s a tea party organized by Rebecca-san in the Ruven House .

The participants of the tea party are naturally people of the nobility . Madams of various ages and young ladies slightly younger than me .

It’s a women’s party, so the only men participating are children . And yet, here I am participating and extremely uncomfortable . I’m sorry, but there is a reason for this .

[This you see, was made by Takumi-san . He’s an adventurer our House is a guardian of, but his cooking is top-grade . Now then, all of them are exquisite . Please, try them by all means]

As requested by Rebecca-san, I came up with the menu today and made it with the chefs of the Ruven House .

Various mouth-sized sandwiches with jam, eggs, tuna and more .

Pound cakes made from a mix of butter, sugar, eggs and flour . The expanding itself was poor because of no baking powder, but it was made with a plenty of nuts and dried fruit, so it was passable .

I also improved the tasteless cookie recipe of this world, made them into small containers, and tried to make fruit tarts by filling them with custards cream and fruits .

Of course, we also made the improved cookies and the chefs prepared various ice creams by trial and error .

[My! Rebecca-sama, it’s really delicious~]

[Truly]

[Each of them are wonderful~]

The things we prepared were seemed to be well-received in general .

[Isn’t that right? Her Majesty and Her Highness the Crown Princess also praised them highly~]

[My, is that so?]

[But, with these articles, I can understand]

As Rebecca-san said, today’s articles were tasted by Grace-sama and Aurora-sama .

While coming up with the menu for today, they suddenly appeared incognito in the Ruven House, and sampled the food . I was really flustered at that time .

I was hesitating to let them sample the food which I made as an experiment, but Grace-sama and Aurora-sama wanted to try it no matter what, so I had no other choice .

Well, they received it deliciously even though there was still a plenty of room for improvement .

[Also, Takumi-san was kind enough to give a permission to convey all things necessary for the sweets you see today to those interested]

While the participants ate, Rebecca-san continued talking .

[My, is that true!?]

[I am so happy to hear that~ I would definitely like to ask for them!]

[Of course, I would like to take them home as well!]

Thereupon, the madams unanimously desired the recipes .

Winning the madams like this and building up their friendship with me . That was the purpose of today’s tea party .

To begin with, a great number of letters have apparently arrived at the Ruven House from people that intended to get close to me after the audience with His Majesty .

It was possible to decline and not get in contact with those people, but Matthias-san and Rebecca-san told me that rather than poorly hiding, it would be better to build up a friendship with them .

Thus, today’s tea party was carried out as we are starting by winning over the women with sweets . Well, the people that are here today are people whom Rebecca-san has a good relationship with, so I expected there wouldn’t be any problems . It appears we were able to grasp their hearts .

[U, umm……]

[Is something the matter?]

As the second half of the tea party approached and the inquiries about sweets came to an end, a girl of around thirteen or fourteen years of age called out to me .

[My name is Lilika Stanval]

[Thank you for your politeness . I am sorry for my late introductions, I am called Takumi . So, what is the matter?]

[I wanted to thank you, Takumi-sama]

[Thank me?]

I don’t know any noble young ladies . Therefore, this should be our first meeting .

N~ I don’t recall ever hearing a house name Stanval either . Someone like her wants to thank me?

[Yes! Thank you very much for giving me a Pastel Rabbit . I have always wanted to keep one]

[Ah!]

She’s one of the people who received the Pastel Rabbits from Matthias-san .

[My! Lilika-sama got a Pastel Rabbit? Me too!]

[Sistina-sama also received one from Takumi-sama then?]

[Yes! I quite couldn’t my hands on one and then we were contacted by Count Ruven-sama]

Another girl, which seemed slightly older than Lilika-sama, about fifteen to sixteen years of age joined in . It seems that she’s also one of those who received the Pastel Rabbits .

[Are your Pastel Rabbits well?]

[Yes! It was cautious at first, but it’s completely attached to me now]

[It’s the same at our place . Recently, it even lets me to feed it on my lap!]

[Ah, mine does too! It extremely cute while eating~]

[Thank you very much for adoring them]

[You don’t have to thank us! It’s only natural we adore them!]

[That’s right!]

From what they said, the girls are treasuring their Pastel Rabbits . Also, it seems the Pastel Rabbits also got attached to them .

[What color is your Pastel Rabbit, Lilika-sama? The color of my child is orange]

[My child is light green]

[A green one surely must be cute as well . Why don’t we let them meet the next time, if you are all right with that?]

[Yes! I would like to meet Sistina-sama’s child!]

[Of course]

The two seemed to be acquaintances, but apparently didn’t interact that much before . But, they have completely hit it off thanks to the Pastel Rabbits . They seem like really close friends now .

[That reminds me, Takumi-sama is also keeping Pastel Rabbits, right?]

[Eh!? Yes, these children wanted to keep them, so……]

While watching them get along well, the talk has suddenly returned to me .

[Then, Takumi-sama went to search for Pastel Rabbits for his little brother and little sister? If I’m not mistaken, you are an adventurer, aren’t you?]

[Oh my? Then, we have received our bunnies thanks to these children?]

[That might be so~]

[……]

No, it’s slightly different…… well, I don’t have to correct every single thing, so let’s leave it at that~

[[Onii~ chan]]

[N? What’s wrong, Allen, Elena?]

[Shiro, Pipi, Reamu]

[Mimi, Chacha]

Allen and Elena who were quiet until now suddenly brought up Shiro and others .

[What’s the matter with Shiro and others?]

[[Wanna play~]]

It appears that the two wanted to play with Shiro and others after hearing all the talk about the Pastel Rabbits .

[Are those perhaps the names of the Pastel Rabbits you are keeping? You are keeping five of them?]

[[Un!]]

[Woah! That’s amazing]

[Won’t you let us see them?]

[[Fine~ -- Onii~ chan!]]

They didn’t say it properly, but Allen’s and Elena’s gazes are chanting “call them, call them” so I summoned Shiro and others . When I did that, it turned out terrifying .

[My! It’s Pastel Rabbits!]

[How adorable they are!]

When Allen, Elena, Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama started getting excited by the Pastel Rabbits surrounding them, other young ladies started steadily gathering .

Allen and Elena were supposed to be shy of strangers, but at a time like this, they adored Shiro and others together with the young ladies .

[My, my, you are surrounded by young ladies, Takumi-sama~ how popular~]

[……]

And, Rebecca-san who watched us smiled in a good mood .




Chapter 131

[Matthias-dono, is this today’s lunch?]

[That’s right, is something the problem?]

The next day after the women’s tea party, a luncheon meeting was held next . Of course, by the Ruven House!

The participants are noble men including Matthias-san . In additions, Knights including Wald-sama and Isaac-san are here and there .

And, the crucial menu is the long-awaited curry .

It has been requested by the people of the Ruven House, so I actually wanted to let them eat it sooner . However…… there was no opportunity . Somehow, it got prolonged, but it finally reached the dining table today…… well, the number of people eating is much larger than originally planned~

[The…… problem……]

[Because the brown color…… it’s quite an indescribable dish……]

[Yeah, the smell is also a little tight……]

The participants seem to be slightly put off by the curry’s appearances . Well certainly, curry might seem nothing but suspicious to those who aren’t accustomed to seeing it . There are no colors in particular after all~

[Everyone, don’t be tricked by its appearances and give it a try . You definitely won’t regret it]

But, Matthias-san confidently recommended it .

But you know, Matthias-san . This is also your first time eating curry, isn’t it Matthias-san? And yet, how can you be so confident…… no, it makes me very happy that you think it will be delicious since it’s something I have cooked though .

[Nn!!]

[This is!?]

[D, delicious!]

The moment the people who were hesitating because of the curry’s appearances tried it, they shouted in surprise .

[Yeah, tonkatsu and curry do match well just as I thought!]

Wald-sama ate greedily with an expression of consent .

[Takumi-san, it’s delicious]

Isaac-san ate gracefully, but the curry in his plate was decreasing rapidly .

[[Delish~]]

Allen and Elena stuffed their cheeks with whole-faced smiles .

[So this is the Katsu Curry, huh . This is very good!]

Matthias-san also ate while admiring .

[Still…… to think White Wheat could be this soft~]

[White Wheat, you said!?]

[What!? This is White Wheat!?]

[Count Ruven, is that the truth!?]

The people showed surprise at Matthias-san’s “White Wheat” remark .

Well, White Wheat = fodder, after all .

[Yes, this white grain is called rice, which is a prepared White Wheat . I’m sorry for not saying anything before you tried it . However, it was delicious, right?]

[Haha! I’m not going to blame you after eating something this good]

[Matthias-dono was surely aiming for that]

[Haha, that’s right]

[Then, we have splendidly met your expectations, didn’t we?]

They don’t seem to be angry . Well, they are people Matthias-san chose to invite, so he might have let them secretly eat White Wheat while anticipating their reactions .

This and the tea party too, it’s certain that the Ruven couple has eyes for people . They certainly invited people whom we might become friends with .

[N~…… we harvest White Wheat in our fief every year, but to think it had another use besides fodder! And that is for people to eat!]

[Truly! I did not think it could turn into something like this]

[Yeah, we produce it in the leftover plot of land, but if it’s this delicious, then there’s a worth in expanding . It might be a good idea to consider increasing the production]

Ohh! Isn’t the White Wheat’s wind going in the right direction?

As long as White Wheat’s deliciousness spreads, I will be honestly joyful .

[I think everyone understood from eating, but rice itself doesn’t have that much of a taste, therefore it has a great affinity with various foods . Isn’t that right, Takumi-kun?]

[Correct . It goes well with strongish flavored dishes like curry and it’s also delicious when stir-fried together with various chopped ingredients]

[I see . So, this curry, was it? Was it made by you?]

One of the participants asked while looking at me .

[Yes, as you might have guessed, he is Takumi-kun--the adventurer I’m a guardian of]

When Matthias-san explained in my stead with a smile, all the gazes gathered on me .

Being center of attention really feels unpleasant~

[Err…… this is made with a seasoning consisting of a combination of many herbs called curry powder, and anyone can easily make curry by using that . Also, about this curry powder, it will be soon on sale at the Fiji Company]

[Oh! Is that true!?]

[I have to confirm with the Fiji Company right away!]

I ended up advertising the sale of the curry powder .

Look, there’s a possibility that it won’t sell at all if there’s no degree of familiarity with the product, right? That would be sad~ I don’t expect it to sell like stupid, but since it will be on the market, I would be happy if it sold .

But, seeing the reactions, it seems to be going in the right direction .

[My, my, Takumi-kun seems to have a knack for business too~]

[Hahaha~]

Matthias-san poked fun at me, but……--

[[Onii~ chan, seconds~]]

[Ah, Takumi, seconds for me too please]

Allen and Elena interrupted that and asked for another helping . Followed by Wald-sama .

[…… Sorry . My son is like that]

[Ha, hahaha~……]

Though it’s natural for the children, Wald-sama also ate in silence without listening to the conversation .

Matthias-san let out an exhausted sigh .

[Oy, Takumi?]

[Yes, yes, do you want another helping of Katsu Curry? What about Allen and Elena?]

[[N~…… ah! Medama~]]

[M, Medama!? Oy, Takumi! What are you feeding them!?]

[No, no, no, Wald-sama, what are you misunderstanding!? It’s Medamayaki! The children are talking about eggs!!]

Medama, what kind of eyeballs were you imagining in the first place!? Tuna or Seabream--fish eyes? Although I have never ate them, they are commonly eaten, you know?

N~ is it perhaps that the eyeballs of the fish on Aetherdia have poison so they can’t be eaten or something?

No, even though it can be eaten, the situation might be similar to the White Wheat . It’s probably like t hat .

[Eggs? What, don’t startle me like that~ ah, Medamayaki for mee too then!]

[Takumi-san, I would also like to eat that]

[Me too!]

[Same here!]

After the vanguard of the Knights, a storm for seconds occurred and the large stock of curry kept on emptying .




Chapter 132

The next day after the luncheon meeting, when the inquiries about the curry powder were flooding in, a messenger of the main branch of Fiji Company arrived at the Ruven House .

A response right on the heels of yesterday…… it appears that people who ate yesterday’s curry liked it quite a lot . No, I realized yesterday that they liked it, but I didn’t know it was to this extent .

Therefore, I immediately returned with the messenger back to the Fiji Company .

[Takumi-dono, please forgive me for calling you over]

The one who came to greet me was the president of the Fiji Company, Stefan-san . He’s a man in his forties with pretty good physique .

[No, please don’t mind it . Rather, I’m sorry for coming late to greet you]

[No, no! However, I appreciate your concern]

I intended to show up at the Capital’s Fiji Company before long . See, I thought of confirming the state of progress of the curry powder~

However…… I have missed the opportunity and completely forgot about it~ Well, as long as Stefan-san doesn’t mind it .

[So, what did you want to talk about?]

[Mainly when is the curry powder going to get sold]

[Is that so~]

Which reminds me, I have not heard when the curry powder is going to enter the market .

[Do you have a specific date fixed yet?]

[No, that’s…… actually, we don’t have a concrete date yet . We are currently making arrangements for the stable purchase of the herbs……]

[I see]

Indeed, the purchase route of the herbs can’t be neglected .

[However! This is the ideal timing to acquire many herbs! My merchant intuition is telling me that I can’t miss this chance!!]

Oou…… Stefan-san got extremely passionate .

Well, I also think that this is the perfect timing .

[Therefore! I’m thinking of priority sale in the Capital and Bailey!]

A simultaneous sale in all branches of the Fiji Company would be impossible, but the Capital and the origin (?) of curry which is Bailey shouldn’t be a problem . I think there should be a plenty of sales if it’s those two shops .

[That sounds good . I think I am fine with that]

To begin with, the existence of curry powder is known only to a part of the Capital and Bailey . Starting there shouldn’t be a problem…… n?

…… Huh? Come to think of it, I did send some via the Adventurer’s Guild’s transfer device (simple) to Road-san of the[Gold Wheat’s Shop]who took care of me in Shirin~ Together with a recipe for Curry bread .

I don’t know whether Road-san was able to make a Curry bread or not after that~

Well, I sent a plenty of curry powder at that time, so I think he should still be all right…… let’s see~ would it be all right for Shirin to receive priority after Bailey and the Capital? … . . But, huh?

[Excuse me, Stefan-san . Does your company has a branch in Shirin?]

[Yes, Shirin is a major city, so we do have a branch there . Is something the matter?]

Oh, there is a Fiji Company in Shirin . I haven’t noticed when I was in Shirin at all though~

[No, I believe that an acquaintance of mine is using curry powder in Shirin…… I was wondering if Shirin could get prioritized next if that would be all right with you…… ah, but it’s fine to ignore me if I’m asking the unreasonable!]

[There shouldn’t be a problem if that’s the case . I will keep that in mind]

[Thank you very much]

I’m glad . With this, Road-san will be able to purchase curry powder if needed .

[Erm…… then, all that’s left is to decide on the sales date?]

[No, I have one more thing I would like your opinion on, may I?]

[Yes, sure . What is it?]

Stefan-san who was smiling from the beginning to the end suddenly looked serious .

[I am confident that those who know about curry powder will buy it . However, if the familiarity is low……]

Ah, I see…… of course it would be like that . Soy sauce also didn’t sell much because no one knew how to use it~ If that’s the case, then it’s highly possible that the curry powder would be treated the same way .

Since it’s like that, to put it simply, we should raise the familiarity of the curry powder?

[Let’s see, how about a sampling gathering in front of the shop?]

[Sampling…… is it? Curry powder? It can’t be eaten on its own, can it?]

[We could let people sample a curry powder flavored soup or smallish pieces of meat . The passersby may taste it and like it enough to buy the curry powder]

[I see, to let the people actually taste it, huh]

I once unconsciously bought a product I sampled in a supermarket…… my goodness, I actually did it quite often~ Therefore, I think that those who liked the taste of the curry powder will buy it on the spot .

No, rather than that--

[Better yet, how about opening a stall in front of the shop? Something like curry powder flavored meat skewers]

It would be fine to sell it like the butter and soy scallops the last time, right?

Dishes made with curry powder are equally as fragrant as butter and soy sauce, so I’m sure it will attract customers .

[Ohh! That is a good idea! --Meat skewers, soup…… n~ stir-fried vegetables also sound good……]

When I spoke about a street stall, Stefan-san quickly got on board . Well, he is a merchant, I feel that actually selling the product has more charm for him than a simple sampling .

Stefan-san has completely gotten submerged in thoughts as he was muttering[That’s not good, but that might work well]to himself .

[[Finished~?]]

[N~…… I wonder about that?]

Allen and Elena called out to me when the discussion suspended .

I can’t set the concrete sale day by myself, so I don’t think the discussion has come to an end just yet……

As expected, the two find this kind of conversations boring~ But even so, I’m grateful that they could stay obedient .

[…… Umm~]

[Ha! I, I am sorry about that]

[[Finished~?]]

Allen and Elena asked again . They asked Stefan-san this time .

[Yes! I am sorry to have taken the time of your Oniisama . I have newly acquired products from a dungeon as an apology, please wait a moment by all means]

[[Delish~?]]

[…… Eh~…… T, that’s……]

It seems that Stefan-san has prepared gifts, but he was hesitating for some reason when the children asked about the taste .

[I have no doubts that it’s food, but…… it has been discovered just recently, so…… I’m quite not sure……]

Is this that? Did he hear something from the Bailey’s branch’s manager that I’m looking for unfamiliar ingredients like the soy sauce?

A new food from a dungeon, huh~ I wonder what would it be? I’m looking forward to it a little .

[Then, you mean it hasn’t appeared on the market before? I’m happy to hear that . But, it’s something unusual, right? Is it all right to give me something like that?]

[To be frank, it’s a product beyond our capability…… I thought of giving it to you…… I heard that Takumi-dono asked for unusual ingredients like that in Bailey……]

Ahh, he did hear about it from Bailey just as I thought~

[That’s correct . I don’t mind buying it off of you either?]

[No, no! Please take it without minding . Well then, I will have it prepared right away]

Stefan-san decided to kindly hand me the newly discovered product of a dungeon .

[-- This is it . It contains rather bitter beans, but……]

[!!]

What Stefan-san came with was a dark-brown, rugby ball like thing .

When I immediately used【Appraisal】on it, it unexpectedly displayed[Cocoa Pod]!

Isn’t this that! Cacao!?

[In which dungeon was this discovered!?]

[I heard it was from Creta Country’s intermediate-level dungeon]

Creta, huh…… that’s the neighbor of Guardia country’s neighbor if I’m not mistaken .

Going immediately is not possible, but I would love to take a look eventually~

[Takumi-dono, do you know what this is?]

[To be honest, I can’t say . However, I would like to try using it in various ways . If you can obtain more of these, could you please secure them for me?]

[Yes, please leave it to me!]

Alright, even if I can’t obtain them myself, I have a way to acquire them again .

[[Onii~ chan, is that delish~?]]

[N~ I wonder? Will Allen and Elena help me to make delicious things out of it?]

[[Will work hard~!]]

Obtaining cocoa beans that I did not plan to get, I returned to the Ruven House while feeling like chuckling to myself .




Chapter 133

I, who carried the Kaoka pods decided to immediately borrow an area in the Ruven House’s kitchen .

[N~ the processing of Cacao, huh~……]

I don’t exactly know the correct way to make chocolate from cacao beans .

I have received five Kaoka pods in total from Stefan-san .

[I have to assume that I’m going to waste one or two of them……]

The process that comes to mind first is to roast and grind them?

Even if there are more fine details to the process, I can’t be sure that Earth-san’s Cacao beans are the same as Aetherdia-san’s Kaoka beans .

[Let’s open them first?]

I can’t progress without seeing the contents of the Kaoka first . While I was thinking such, Allen and Elena shook with the Kaoka .

[This, it rattle, rattles~]

[Amu~sing!]

A rattling sound resounded from the pods when shaken, almost like Maracas .

[Allen, Elena, you look like you are having fun, but it’s still food, so let’s not play with it, okay?]

[[Can’t play~?]]

[I would like if you didn’t~]

[[…… N~ got it~]]

When I amiably cautioned them, Allen and Elena obediently returned the Kaoka pods .

[Thank you . Well then, let’s open it]

[[Un]]

Then, opening one of the Kaoka pods, many 500 yen coin brown beans were packed inside . There’s about thirty to forty of them . N~ were Cacao beans like this?

To be honest, I have no recollection…… no, I feel like it was wrapped in something white? They are normally lined up in the pod, aren’t they? But, the beans are just casually scattered around the Kaoka pod . No wonder it rattles when shaken~

Well, let’s wash it and make it clean first .

[《Washing》]

I cleaned the beans with magic and started processing them right away .

[This is, a shell…… right?]

I realized that the brown outer layer is a shell and the black nib inside is what I want .

I pinched the shell between my fingers and crisply peeled it off . I tried bitting the bit I peeled off just in case, but it was a shell after all .

[[Munch]]

[Ah!]

[[Ngu]]

Allen and Elena imitated me and placed the shells in their mouths . Only, unlike me who just took a bite, the children were intending to eat it!

[Allen, Elena! That’s not for eating, quickly spit it out!]

I urged them to spit it out in panic .

[[Not de~lish]]

Ueh~ Allen and Elena grimaced after spitting out the shells .

Though I am at fault for putting it in my mouth in front of the two--

[Geez~ Your Oniichan has just taken a bite, it’s not like I ate it~]

[[Uu~ but~]]

[I will properly give the delicious thing to Allen and Elena, so don’t try to eat out of your own accord anymore, okay?]

[[…… Yesss~]]

As it really wasn’t good at all, the two replied dejectedly .

[Err, what…… do I do next? Do I roast it after all?]

Pulling myself together, I imagined that the next step of the process would be to roast it, so I decided to try roasting half of the peeled beans .

When I did so, I smelled a faint Cacao-ish fragrance .

[Oh, what a nice smell]

[[Nice smell~ is done~?]]

[Not yet~ this will be very bitter if eaten as is~]

[[Muu~]]

The two held out their hands as if saying ‘please give’ but unfortunately for them, it’s not in an edible sate yet . When I told them so, the two unwillingly withdrew their hands .

[This much should be fine? Next is--]

Next, I ground it until it was muddy and mixed it with sugar and milk .

[…… Something like this? But, something feels wrong, doesn’t it~]

And it’s done! I don’t have the confidence to declare so…… unfortunately, I can’t say that it doesn’t feel like a disaster . I mean, it’s too thick for it to be considered a melted chocolate!

[Done~?]

[Is done~?]

[I wonder? Let’s try giving it a taste]

[[Yaay~]]

It’s no use being troubled here, so I decided to give it a lick .

Allen and Elena were delighted as they were waiting for this .

[[Uniyu~]]

[Whoa! That’s terrible grotesque~~~]

The moment I put it in my mouth, I was assaulted by extreme uncomfortableness .

The taste, well it did taste like a chocolate, but…… the texture was gritty, and the melt-in-the-mouth was horrible too .

[This is a complete failure~]

I have to be more thorough with the grinding . As for the melt-in-the-mouth…… I, unfortunately, have no idea .

[[Is delish~ you know~?]]

[Ah~ that’s because Allen and Elena don’t know what a genuine chocolate is~]

Allen and Elena looked at me with expressions that asked[Why?] .

I see . People who don’t know what the real chocolate is would find this tasty, huh……

However, as for me, I can’t accept it . What do I do…… ah, would Cocoa be easier? Cocoa is errm…… was it made from pressing(?) ground powder?

Huh…… pressing? That means I need to press it somehow?

Umm…… what is Cacao beans used for in the first place…… chocolate and Cocoa . Also, cocoa mass? …… No, cocoa mass = cacao beans, was it?

Then, what is made from pressing cocoa mass again~? Well, first of all, I decided to roast the remaining Cacao beans and try making Cocoa .

[Huh?]

When I tried pressing it, something greasy came out .

Err…… what is this? Cacao oil? Ah, what if I added this to the pseudo-chocolate I made a little while ago?

[No, no, let’s complete the Cocoa first!]

After reprimanding myself, I pressed the powder . Well~ I managed to do the compression and drying with magic, so the labor was quite easy~ If I had to do all of this manually, then I would definitely end up giving up~

[Oh, doesn’t this look good?]

I safely finished something that looked like Cocoa .

Next, I tried adding the Cacao oil into that thing from before and tried making chocolate . The result, it still has a way to go, but it’s a lot better than before .

As for me, I am still dissatisfied with this “chocolate” but Allen and Elena find it delicious so I decided to call it complete . I’m going to improve it little by little when I have the time . Well, I can mix it things and it’s sufficient for a chocolate drink, so it will be probably used like that .




Chapter 134

[[Ah!]]

Entering the Adventurer’s Guild after a while, Allen and Elena called out the moment we went inside .

[Ah! I have finally encountered you~!!]

The Beastman I have dueled before has appeared before us .

[Eh?]

[[Uniyu?]]

He was a man with quite an abusive language and I have also finished the duel instantly, so his friendly attitude made me uncomfortable .

Allen and Elena showed caution at first, but his attitude changed so much they stared at him in puzzlement .

[Err…… Raizel, was it?]

[Yes! You have remembered me! I’m delighted!!]

As expected, something is wrong . Raizel shouldn’t be such a character .

Even though he was like an ill-bred, drunk Yankee before, he seems like a good young man now .

Just what has woken up in him?

[Do you need something from me?]

I directly inquired about his business .

[I’m truly sorry about before!! Please make me your underling!!]

[Haah!?]

Raizel suddenly fell to his knees prostrating and apologized .

I understand the apology . However, underling? Just what is Raizel talking about?

[Wha, wait a moment . I don’t understand well what you are saying……]

[I would like you to treat me as a little brother!]

[No, what are you asking for now……]

I seriously don’t understand .

[I have fallen in love with Aniki‘s strength!]

[……]

[[Uniyu~]]

Uwa~…… what is this? …… What kind of farce is this?

Ah, perhaps…… wolves have the habit of flattering the boss, don’t they? Do the Beastmen have the same habit…… or something~?

[What is this? What’s going on?]

[Oy, the[Ash Wolf]is prostrating himself!?]

[Seriously? The fellow in front of him is…… wha, it’s that guy!!]

[What, you know him?]

[It’s him, the one! It’s[Setsuna], the one who insta-defeated[Ash Wolf]in duel!]

[That is[Setsuna no Takumi]!? He certainly is accompanied by children just like in the rumors!]

[That man of delicate features insta-defeated Raizel? Seriously? Have you not make a mistake?]

[I’m telling you it’s him! He really decided the match instantly!]

The surroundings started making a ruckus . Well, it would be strange if they didn’t make a ruckus with Raizel prostrating himself in the public~

Rather! Wasn’t that discussion quite improper? What do you mean by[Setsuna]! Just when did you attach a nickname to my name!! Moreover, what rumors!?

[My, my, I was wondering what the ruckus was about, so it was this~]

At that time, the receptionist of the Adventurer’s Guild Keimi-san came after hearing the ruckus . Then, after confirming the situation, her expression showed consent for some reason .

Why are you showing consent after seeing this!?

[Keimi-san, there are many things I would like to ask about……]

[Is that about Raizel? Or perhaps about the nickname?]

Keimi-san who knew what I wanted to ask returned my words .

[…… Both]

[N~ you won’t calm down if I don’t explain, right? Let’s see, I will prepare a private room, so let’s move there?]

[Please]

After making the proposal, Keimi-san grabbed the nape of the prostrating Raizel and dragged him along .

[G, gan’t breathe……]

[Be obedient for a little . --Takumi-san, this way]

[…… Y, yes]

Keimi-san…… you are simply dragging the arrogant Raizel behind you…… it looks like she actually has a superhuman strength .

In the private room, the happenings until now have been promptly explained to me .

[First, regarding your nickname because that matter is simple . People who saw your duel with Raizel immediately spread the results around . There seemed to be other opinions such as[Insta-killer]and[Strong Wind]but they eventually decided on[Setsuna] . Takumi-san has become A-rank adventurer very quickly so you didn’t have a nickname, but all high-ranking adventurers have one, so please give up on opposing . [Setsuna]--doesn’t it sound good? Of course, I was also pushing for[Setsuna]♪]

[……]

I shouldn’t have asked . Well, having a nickname isn’t a bad thing, so let’s accept it .

But, Keimi-san finished her explanation with a wink at the end . Doesn’t[Setsuna]sound like something Keimi-san would come up with?

[Next, about Raizel……--]

With my thoughts in another place, Keimi-san started explaining my second question .

[Raizel was originally a child like this]

[Eh? No way!?]

[It’s true . Well, he always had a short temper though~ However, I was getting worried about his sudden growth of power…… to put it bluntly, it was rubbing off on him . It must have been the backlash from courting our Carna . He’s not a bad child so I was carefully watching over him, but…… the rest is as Takumi-san knows . By challenging you, he got beaten at his own game and snapped out of it]

[Truly?]

[Truly]

It’s hard to believe since my first impressions of him were the worst, but there’s no reason for Keimi-san to lie, so let’s believe it .

…… Ahh, so that’s why . No wonder Keimi-san’s and Andy-san’s reactions were so carefree even though their daughter was involved……

[I really believe that I was wrong that time! Therefore, please! Please make me your underling!!]

Still, even though Raizel might not be a bad guy, I would like to refrain from having an underling .

[Sorry, but--]

[Please!!]

[No, sorry--]

[Pleaseee!!]

[……]

He wouldn’t let me say no .

Not knowing what to do about this, I looked at Keimi-san who was smiling in amusement!

[…… Keimi-san]

[Fufu, pardon me]

Keimi-san apologized, but it seems she has no intentions of doing anything about this situation .

[Aniki! I beg you!]

A, Aniki, he says……

Raizel pleaded with his head deeply bowing .

[[No-!!]]

But at that time, Allen and Elena raised their voices .

[Onii~ chan is Allen’s and Elena’s-!]

[Won’t give-!]

Because Raizel called me “Aniki“, the two clung to me as if saying “not going to hand him over” .

[My, my♪ Raizel, it looks like these children won’t give you the rights for Takumi-san to become your Oniichan . How about giving up?]

[…… Ku . B, but……--]

[It’s not like you are going to bully little children like this too, right? Give up?]

[…… Ugh]

Keimi-san eventually threatened him with her smile, so under Keimi-san’s oppressing smile, Raizel finally gave up .




Chapter 135

[A, Aniki--]

[[Muu~]]

[…… Takumi-san, the place of destination is that way]

Raizel who has reluctantly given up on becoming my underling wanted to be in contact with me even for a little, so he brought up going on a request together next .

I have declined at first, but…… I was beaten by his persistence . Keimi-san also told me that Raizel should calm down once I grant him his wish, so we decided to accept a request together on that very day .

And along the way, when Raizel calls me Aniki, Allen and Elena will glare at Raizel, making him correct himself--such thing has already repeated several times today .

Allen and Elena dislike it when Raizel calls me Aniki, but they don’t seem to mind Raizel tagging along on the request itself~

[Did you stay at the Capital for a long time, Raizel?]

The request we have received this time was a simple herb gathering, but the herbs themselves are located deep in the forest…… it’s quite a difficult place to reach . Despite that, Raizel guided us on the way as if he was used to the path .

[Yes!]

[Hee~ have you been born here?]

[No, I wasn’t . I have become an adventurer immediately upon coming of age, left for the capital a while later and then settled down here after a while]

Raizel is…… 23? That means he has been in the capital for 7 or 8 years?

Rather! I have noticed this just now, but isn’t Raizel older than me!

But, the current Raizel is…… he’s acting like my admiring junior, isn’t he~

[[Ah]]

At that time, Allen and Elena noticed something and called out . Judging by their reaction, a monster is coming our way .

[Oh, a monster is coming . --This is a Shadow Wolf, isn’t it?]

Simultaneously with the two’s reaction, Raizel noticed the presence of the monster . Moreover, he even got the race of the monster right! Seeing his nose sniffing the air, Raizel must have distinguished the monster by smell . As I thought, the noses of Beastmen are very effective .

[There’s two of them . What would you like to handle them?]

Before long, two black wolves--Shadow Wolves entered the view .

Raizel is surely asking who is going to confront the Shadow Wolves .

[Errr……]

I have glanced at Allen and Elena .

I was worried about the two who were obediently standing by my side since they usually charge at the monsters that appear before us .

However, the children were staring at Raizel without moving……

[Ta, Takumi-san . I, I feel like I’m being extremely stared at by the children, but……]

[…… That seems to be the case]

Allen and Elena stared at Raizel so much I thought they would stare a hole out in him .

Just what do the two want from Raizel?

[! F, first of all, I will take care of the Shadow Wolves]

Not being able to stand Allen’s and Elena’s stare anymore, Raizel started running towards the Shadow Wolves in flusteredly .

[He’s fast as ever~]

When Raizel drew closer to the Shadow Wolves, he punched out without any wasteful movements . One of the Shadow Wolves who received the blow has gotten blown away .

The second Shadow Wolf rushed at Raizel from his blind spot, but Raizel dealt with it by roundhouse kicking without panicking .

They are lower-ranked monsters, but he fought without any risks . As expected of a B-ranker .

[As expected . You had no wasteful movements~]

[Nono, the opponents were Shadow Wolves after all . I still have a long way to go . --Oh, there is another Shadow Wolf coming]

It seems that another Shadow Wolf has appeared again .

But, Allen and Elena who didn’t move before sprung to action now .

[In this way]

[Like this?]

The two who approached the Shadow Wolf moved with familiar movements .

[Roundhouse kick……]

[Are those my movements?]

Right, they defeated a Shadow Wolf with the same movements Raizel showed while defeated the Shadow Wolves .

[[Did it~?]]

The two who defeated the Shadow Wolf dragged the corpse along with cheery smiles .

[…… Did Allen and Elena mimic Raizel’s movements?]

[[Un! Did it~?]]

[Ahh, yes, you were amazing~]

[[Ehehe~]]

It wasn’t a coincidence, Allen and Elena were definitely mimicking Raizel’s movements .

[[Coming~]]

A Rock Bear has appeared this time .

Then, Allen and Elena stared at Raizel again……

[A, are they telling me to go, perhaps?]

Raizel who already understood from seeing the two fight realized what Allen’s and Elena’s gazes meant .

[That seems to be the case . Can I leave it to you?]

[A single Rock Bear is not a problem, but……]

Raizel confronted the Rock Bear while bewildered .

I won’t force Raizel if he felt uncomfortable, but…… he seems to be all right .

When Raizel cut the distance between the Rock Bear, he dove into its bosom . Then, he sent out an uppercut . He hit its chin, which caused the Rock Bear to falter . He then grabbed the Rock Bear’s arm and threw it against a nearby tree .

The Rock Bear vigorously crashed against the tree and groaned…… the moment the tree fell to the ground, the Rock Bear stopped moving .

A way of fighting that is impossible for me . In the first place, I don’t think I would be able to jump into a bear’s bosom . That’s why I have been mainly fighting from range with magic up until now . I don’t think my way of fighting is bad, but I feel that Raizel’s way of fighting is simply amazing .

[[Ohh~]]

Allen and Elena let out voices of admiration with sparkles in their eyes .

[Err…… was it to your liking?]

[[Un!]]

[Ug……]

Raizel who returned nervously got embarrassed from the children’s honest praise .

[Yea~ you really was incredible]

[[Ama~zing]]

[Pl, please stop it! W, what is this supposed to be! Keep your flattery at moderation please!]

I feel that Raizel’s cheeks turned even redder when I gave him a praise .

[No, they are my true feelings . I really think you were incredible . --Right, Allen, Elena?]

[[Incre~dible]]

[A, aren’t you praising me too much!?]

Raizel’s face became increasingly red . Moreover, his tail which was originally only lightly swaying is now moving without any signs of stopping .

[Shy~?]

[Embrrassed~?]

[Wwha!!]

Because of Allen’s and Elena’s straight pitch, Raizel’s tail stood up in attention and his face got bright red .

[…… Ku . Hahaha~]

Seeing such an exchange, I unintentionally burst into laughter .

I think that Raizel’s actions were only natural, but…… it somehow became really fun .




Chapter 136

[Ahh, this way]

Raizel showed a pattern and Allen and Elena copied it--while that repeated for several times, we have arrived at our destination . Yea~ my turn did not appear .

[Whoa, that’s a pretty deep valley]

[[Dee~p]]

The destination was a valley of a considerable depth, moreover, it was a place where strong wind occasionally blew from the bellow .

The requested[Crystal Flower]grows at the mountainside of this valley .

[At the bottom is…… a river?]

Taking a look down, I could see a river .

[That’s right . A deep river flows down below, although you won’t die if you fall down, please still watch your steps]

I thought I chose a relatively safe request, but it seems to be more dangerous than I thought .

[Have you gathered Crystal Flowers before, Raizel?]

[Yes, I did several times]

[How did you pick them that time?]

[In my case, I tied a rope around a strong tree and descended by relying on that]

[…… I see]

Descend with a rope…… it’s that right? The thing rescue troops practice to get down the buildings’ walls, right? What was it called again? Err…… was it rappelling?

[In some cases, the wind blowing from below may carry you away, but that happens only when unlucky]

[Well, they are growing in a place like that, so they won’t let themselves to be picked that easily~]

[Indeed]

That means, we should tie a rope and descend .

[Allen, will do it~]

[Elena too~]

[Eh? I was the one who invited you, so let me do the gathering?]

[…… As expected, we wouldn’t be able to do that]

It appears that Raizel intended to gather the flowers by himself . Did he plan to do undertake the troublesome things because he was the one who invited us?

[[Will do it~]]

[…… Eh?]

Raizel looked at me troubledly because of Allen’s and Elena’s full willingness .

The children like to challenge everything, so well…… it’s within my expectations .

[I’m glad since I have one, but I would be happy if you told me a sturdy rope we necessary before the departure~]

[Eh? Eh? Ehh~!?]

As for me, I am self-aware . It’s only natural because I have never done something like rappelling before . But, while that may be true, leaving it all to Raizel even though I have accepted the request myself would be a little bad .

Ignoring my own negligence and jokingly complaining to Raizel, I prepared the ropes .

[Wha, wait, Takumi-san? W, why are you tying the ropes around the children!?]

Raizel panicked after seeing me tie the ropes around the children .

[N? No, I mean~ we are assuming that only you and I will go down to pick the Crystal Flowers]

[No, I will…… no, it’s nothing . Yes]

Silencing Raizel who still wanted to go alone with my gaze, I explained my prediction .

[If we do that, it’s highly possible that the two who remained up here will descend without using a rope]

[I’m sorry? Su, surely not……]

[It is . Don’t look down on the motivated faces of these two]

[……]

The children are obviously sporting “excited” faces . Seeing that, Raizel was at a loss for words .

[These children are like that . That being the case, I shouldn’t neglect the prevention of danger right from the start . If you understand, make preparations or we will leave you behind, Raizel]

[Uwaa, wa, wait a moment please!!]

When I told the absentminded Raizel to prepare, he panicked, took out a rope from his belongings and started preparing .

[Alright, we are good to go]

[[Good to go~!]]

After I finished preparing the ropes, Allen and Elena raised both of their hands and urged me[Quickly, quickly] .

[How about you, Raizel? Are you prepared?]

[Yes, I am]

[Alright, shall we go then?]

[[Ye~sss]]

With my words as a signal, Allen and Elena broke into a run .

[Eh? Wha, waitwait!]

Chasing after the two who were preparing to jump down in panic, I managed to catch them .

[…… Allen, Elena, you are way too excited~]

[[Ehh~]]

I wonder if the two intended to do bungee-jumping just now? Anyhow, that was dangerous~……

[Gee~ you can’t do that, alright? While it might be a tough rope, we can’t be sure it would survive your vigorous free falling]

[[Can’t~?]]

[Yes . You must go slowly]

[[Got it~]]

Correcting themselves, the two started slowly descending .

I somehow managed even though I had a hard time…… Raizel naturally, Allen and Elena smoothly descended .

[Onii~ chan]

[This~?]

It appears that Allen and Elena found a Crystal Flower right away .

The Crystal Flower was a crystal clear blue color, that I found seemingly glittering .

[Yes, this is a Crystal Flower . You two found it fast~]

[[Ehehe~]]

[Whoa, you already found it? Crystal Flowers aren’t things that are supposed to be found this easily though……]

Raizel was surprised by Allen’s and Elena’s discovery speed .

[Finding things like this is a specialty of these two . --Allen, Elena . I don’t think that these flowers can be picked by hands, so cut them at the roots with a knife . Ah, it’s dangerous so make sure to have a proper grip on the rope . All right?]

[[Right~]]

Allen and Elena took out a knife from their magic bag and picked the Crystal Flower while tightly holding onto the rope .

[[Is done~]]

[Skillful, so skillful!]

[[Will get more~!]]

[Yes, let’s do our best . But, you must be the most careful to not fall, okay?]

[[Yesss~]]

We continued working hard at picking Crystal Flowers .




Chapter 137

[Shall we stop before it starts to get dark?]

[Let’s do that]

[Allen, Elena, we are turning above~]

[[Yess~]]

We have obtained a plenty of Crystal Flowers and it would get dangerous once it becomes dark, so I decided to stop here .

[Now then, as for the camping…… is here fine?]

Because the town is quite far away from here, so we wouldn’t be in time for the gate closing if we started returning now . Therefore, we decided to camp out today .

[Should I put up a tent?]

[Tent?]

That reminds me…… we have been under the weather either wrapped in a blanket or buried among Joule and others, so we haven’t done camping like that yet~

Tent, a tent, huh…… n? Huh? I feel like I have a tent .

A waterproof tent that was given to me by the Water Chief Retainer-sama . N~……--Ah, I do have it after all .

But to be honest, I don’t think a tent is that necessary~

[Do you have…… a tent for yourself?]

[No, I don’t sleep in tents, but since Takumi-san and the children are here……]

[Ahh, you were considerate of us . Thank you . --Allen, Elena, do you want to sleep in a tent today?]

[[With Onii~ chan?]]

[N~ I’d like to keep a watch outside, so I will be sleeping outside?]

[Then, Allen too~]

[Elena with Onii~ chan too~]

I confirmed with the children just in case, but it seems that they won’t enter a tent unless I am there with them .

[Looks like we won’t need it]

[Yes, indeed . Then, shall I prepare the dinner?]

[N? Prepare a dinner, is it? Not a portable food……?]

Well, normal adventurers would settle with portable food~ However--

[Portable food is nothing delicious, the nutritions are also one-sided, right? There’s no way you could settle for such a thing, right?]

[I can’t cook, you know? Moreover, I don’t have the ingredients nor the tools]

[I know that]

Yes, Raizel seems like someone who can’t cook~

No, it’s not necessarily that all people who are similar to Raizel can’t cook or anything . But, there wasn’t anyone among the adventurers I have met so far who could cook decently .

[I will cook a share for you as well, so wait for a moment, Raizel]

Cooking a dish for us and letting Raizel eat portable food . There’s no way I let something like that happen, so I told Raizel to wait .

[Is that fine?]

[Yeah, we indebted to you today~]

As a specimen for Allen’s and Elena’s moves .

[Indepted, you say…… do you mean that during the fights? Does that count as being indebted……?]

Raizel let out a grumbling mutter, but pretending not to hear that, I started cooking .

[What~?]

[Making~?]

[N~ I wonder? What do you two want to eat?]

[[Hmm, you see~……--Meat~?]]

When I asked Allen and Elena what they want to eat, the two replied “Meat” with slight confidence while looking at Raizel .

Not what they want to eat, but replying with what they thought Raizel’s favorite thing to eat is, how good my children are~ Besides, Raizel does look like the meat-eating type .

[Raizel, do you like meat?]

[M, me? I do like it . Rather, that’s all I eat]

Yeah, just like I imagined . Rather, meat is all he eats…… does he really eat only meat with no veggies……

Well, since we have decided to make a meat dish--

[What kind of meat would you like?]

[[Bear~?]]

[Bear?]

[[Un, defeated~!]]

[The defeated bear? Ahh, the Rock Bear you have defeated today~?]

[[Un!]]

Rock Bear, huh . That is not easy to dismantle and use meat~

[Raizel, would you mind if I used the Rock Bear you have defeated today?]

Allen and Elena defeated a Rock Bear too, but we are currently with Raizel so I sought his permission . I mean, we have not decided on the distribution of spoils yet .

[No! I don’t mind at all!]

Raizel cheerfully approved, so I retrieved a Rock Bear from the《Infinite Storage》 .

[Ah, should I do the dismantling?]

[Can I leave it to you?]

[Of course…… although I say that, the skill of my dismantling ranks me at the bottom of adventurers…… is that still fine?]

[It’s fine, it’s fine . It’s not like I have that many experiences with dismantling anyway . Rather, dismantling is the specialty of workers, not adventurers, so I would be surprised if it was the other way]

Well, in my case, I have gotten a skill from Syl, so I was quite proficient right from the start though~

[………… Huh? This Rock Bear…… it looks like it had died just now, doesn’t it?]

Raizel started dismantling right away, but it seems that he felt something strange about the carcass .

All the monsters including the ones Raizel defeated were collected by me .

Ordinary adventurers would dismantle the defeated monsters right on the spot and bring back only the parts of higher value, but…… because I can bring back large amounts, we settled with the minimal processing--the processing of internal organs .

Raizel has probably misunderstood that I am carrying a large capacity magic bag .

N~ what do I do? It should be all right to tell to the current Raizel, no?

[Ah~…… Raizel, I can use《Infinite Storage》]

[Eh!? THE《Infinite Storage》!?]

[Yeah, the《Infinite Storage》 . That’s why the Rock Bear is fresh . But well, I would be glad if you didn’t spread the information about my《Infinite Storage》]

Let’s forbid him from speaking about it just in case . This ability is indeed an attractive ability for others after all .

[I won’t say anything, I won’t say anything!]

[I see, thanks . Then, I will leave the dismantling to you]

[Yes!]

What is this…… the speed of Raizel’s swaying tail has increased? Is he happy?

That movement, it looks just like when Joule is happy~

[Is it just my imagination?]

[[Uniyu?]]

[No, it’s nothing . Now then, how about we prepare the rest before it’s too late?]

[[Yess~]]

I cut the Rock Bear meat thickly, cooked it thoroughly with miso, made the rice and the Donburi was completed .

[What a strange dish?]

[It might seems so to you, Raizel . Well, give it a try . I will prepare something else if it doesn’t suit your tastes]

From the experience up until now, the people of Aetherdia shouldn’t have different palate from mine, so all that’s left is a personal preference…… everything else should be all right, I think .

Although I say that, it’s my first time feeding a Beastman, so I can’t be certain .

[Then, shall we eat? --Itadakimasu]

[[Itadakima~su!]]

[I, itadakimasu?]

Puzzled over the unfamiliar phrase, Raizel copied what we said and started eating .

[Dd]

[[[D?]]]

[Delicious!! What the hell is this thing-!]

He seemed to like it . How confusing~

He just said[Dd]with his body trembling, so I readied myself for him to spit it out .

[Don’t startle me like that]

[I’m sorry! But, this is too delicious!]

[I’m glad to hear that . There are seconds, so don’t hesitate and help yourself . Ahh, but the children are here, so don’t wolf it all down at once]

[Yes!]

Making sure to tell him not to become a bad example, Raizel, although not wolfing the meal down, ate at an extremely fast pace and in the end, finished eating five large servings .

After that, Raizel and I took turns standing a watch and returned to the capital, but the children demanded from Raizel to be their fighting specimen on the entire way back .

Raizel moved consciously with different patterns to answer them . Whether he liked or not, Raizel has completely become Allen’s and Elena’s combat teacher .




Chapter 138

[Takumi-san, do you have any plans today?]

While eating a breakfast at the Ruven House, Rebecca-san asked about my plans .

[No, I have not decided on anything particular……?]

I thought of taking it easy for a while, so I didn’t have anything planned . Therefore, when I replied, Rebecca-san joyfully joined her hands and smiled .

[Truly! Then, I was wondering if you would go shopping with me!]

[Eh?]

With Rebecca-san’s proposal, we decided to go shopping together with Rebecca-san .

Of course, matching in Rebecca-san’s style--shopping around in a carriage with maids and guards .

[[Wo~w]]

Allen and Elena were exhilarated from the different from usual going out .

[Now, now, Allen, Elena . It’s dangerous unless you sit down]

[[Yess~]]

When I cautioned the children who were clinging to the window from their seats, the two unwillingly returned to my side .

[Fufu, look Lizzy~ They seem to have so much fun~]

[Indeed, Okusama]

Rebecca-san and her personal attendant Lizzy-san who were sitting at the opposite seats were warmly looking at Allen and Elena .

[By the way, where are we going today?]

[Oh my, did I not tell you? Our first destination is a place Takumi-san knows]

[Eh, is that so?]

When I asked about our destination, Rebecca-san replied with “a place I know” but she did not tell me “where” that is .

[Oh?]

[[Ah!]]

But, I immediately recognize our destination .

Allen and Elena seem to have understood too .

The carriage stopped at the store[Silver Thread]where we ordered the coats from .

[My! Rebecca-sama, what is the matter!? We would have come to the mansion if you called for us!]

[Fufu, going to the merchant’s shop is good once in a while . Marry, pardon me for coming all of sudden, but are you free now?]

[Of course!]

When we entered, the store’s Mistress--Marry-san immediately appeared .

[You came too, Takumi-sama? You came just at the right time . The coats you have ordered before have been finished, I was just about to contact you~]

[Is that so? ---She says the coats are done!]

[[Really!]]

Hearing that the coats were done, Allen and Elena “quickly, quickly” urged Marry-san in a joy .

[Fufu, this are the items you have ordered!]

Marry-san sought to excuse herself from Rebecca-san and immediately brought the finished coats .

[Eh!?]

[[Ohh~!]]

[Oh my?]

Was it called a torso? She brought in torso-only mannequins wearing western clothes . Seeing the coats they were wearing, I was astonished .

[It’s Joule!]

[It’s Feat!]

A coat for Allen that resembled the Fenrir Joule and a coat for Elena that resembled the Celestial Tiger Feat . That is still all right! Still!

[[Yaa~y! Matching with Onii~ chan!]]

[…… Hahaha~]

The problem was my coat . I left the design to the store .

It was a dark, long coat with a hood . But, on the hood! There were lop-ears attached!

When I dejectedly dropped my shoulders next to the delighted children, Marry-san who worked on the coat had an expression that succeeded at making a prank .

[What is wrong? Oniisama--the ears on Takumi-sama’s coat are removable, should I remove them?]

[[No way~!]]

[Oh my, are they to your liking?]

[[Un!]]

The children seemed to be very pleased with the ears, so when Marry-san asked to remove them, they immediately objected .

It would be difficult to ask her to remove them now . Marry-san who was smiling[Hohoho~]was definitely aiming for this development .

Well, I didn’t think she would attach ears to my hood too and even if I put the hood on, the attached ears are droopy, so they won’t stand out that much…… I think~? No, but~……

[Hmmm……]

[[Will remove them~?]]

While troubled over what to do, Allen and Elena were looking at me with puppy eyes .

[N~ no…… err~ …… would Allen and Elena prefer it this way?]

[[Un! Matchi~ng!]]

[…… Ugh]

[My, my, is this Takumi-san’s loss?]

While faltering because of the children’s behavior, Rebecca-san delivered the finishing blow .

[Fufu, to be matching with Oniichan . Aren’t you happy~]

[[Matchi~ng!]]

It appears that the lop-ears will stay on .

Then, I shall be careful to not put the hood on in the public .

[It was a worthwhile making it~ then, please try it on to confirm the size]

--But, just when I thought so, we were told to try the coats on to confirm the correct size . Accordingly, I had to put the hood up immediately .

[Oh my, oh my, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, it suits you really well~]

[[Ehehe~]]

Being praised by Rebecca-san, Allen and Elena smiled bashfully .

[You see, Allen is Joule!]

[Elena is Feat, you know!]

[Is Allen-chan a Fenrir? And, Elena-chan must be a Celestial Tiger]

[[Un!]]

[The special features of both were captured splendidly~ --You have done a good work, Marry]

[Thank you very much, Rebecca-sama]

Next, the gazes gathered upon me .

[What Takumi-san is wearing, you were not trying to imitate anything in particular, were you?]

[Yes, he has ordered a coat in black color, but he entrusted me with the rest]

[Fufu, have you decided on lop ears that won’t stand out too much while playing around?]

[Fufu, you could tell?]

[Of course . You have done a great work with that one as well, Marry]

[I am honored by your words, Rebecca-sama~]

As I thought, Marry-san was aiming for this design .

The design of the coat was considerably to my liking, so I had nothing to complain about . The animal ears too, as long as Allen and Elena are satisfied .

[Takumi-sama, do you feel tight or baggy anywhere?]

[…… It is very comfortable]

The size was perfectly fitting my body, there wasn’t anything that felt out of place .

Because I had Allen and Elena’s made slightly larger, they have parts where the coats are too big for them, but it doesn’t seem like it would obstruct their movement .

[Thank you very much for the wonderful coats]

When I said my thanks, Marry-san smiled joyfully .

When I finished paying for the coats, Rebecca-san who originally brought us to the clothing store ordered a animal-type sleepwear for Allen and Elena .

Moreover, it was of many animal varieties and colors .

Apparently, Rebecca-san became fond of the animal-eared clothing .

However, when she asked if I wanted matching clothes, I firmly refused .

Instead, I joked with[How about some for Wald-sama instead?], Rebecca-san really ordered some with an amused face .

…… Will she really make Wald-sama wear them once they are done?

Wald-sama will definitely refuse to wear it, but his opponent is Rebecca-san after all~ I felt sorry as I could easily imagine her forcing Wald-sama to wear it .




Chapter 139

We, who have left the[Silver Thread]has been brought by Rebecca-san to the next store .

[A bakery?]

[Yes, that’s right]

The destination was an ordinary bakery .

[…… Ermm?]

A noble lady Rebecca-san and a bakery in the town are very ill-matched .

But, Rebecca-san seems to have a business in this store .

[[Smells nice~!]]

Following after Rebecca-san and entering the store, the nice smell of freshly baked bread tickled my nose .

[Welcome! --Ah!]

A male shop assistant of around thirty years noticed us and rushed over in a hurry .

[Rebecca-sama, what is the matter today?]

[I have come to look how the things are going]

The shop assistant has clearly recognized Rebecca-san .

I also had a feeling that Rebecca-san was somehow accustomed to this store .

[My, my, the sales seem to be going well~]

[Yes, those were sold out as soon as we put them out to sale]

[?]

When I looked where Rebecca-san was looking, there were many kinds of bread lined up .

Sold out…… it means that the part of those shelves has been emptied out .

[…… Huh?]

[[Nniyu?]]

Looking carefully, isn’t there written Cream bread and Anpan at the emptied places!

[Ahh! Is this perhaps-!]

[Oh my, have you realized?]

This bakery must be the store of the senior-apprentice brother of the castle’s baker Sid-san .

Sid-san sought a permission from me to sell the Cream bread and Anpan in his senior-apprentice brother’s store, and I have approved . And so it wouldn’t become Road-san’s[Gold Wheat’s Shop]in Shirin all over again, I have requested the Ruven House to back them .

I see, so it was like that . It wouldn’t be strange for Rebecca-san to recognize this store since I was the one who made the request~

[Rebecca-sama, who might this person be?]

[This is Takumi-san . Would you understand if I said that?]

[! It’s an honor to meet you . I am this store’s shopkeeper, Jake . Thank you very much for allowing me to sell the Cream bread and Anpan! My store has been saved thanks to you!!]

The moment Rebecca-san said my name, the shop assistant turned towards me and lowered his head .

Moreover, I thought of him to be the shop assistant, but he was actually the shopkeeper .

[Eh? Then, you are Sid-san’s senior-apprentice brother……?]

Since he’s the shopkeeper, he must be Sid-san’s senior-apprentice brother himself .

My first impression was “young” . I mean, Sid-san is in the middle of thirties . The shopkeeper--Jake, looks much younger . When I secretly used【Appraisal】on him, it wasn’t that he had a young face, he really was younger than Sid-san .

Sid-san said that his senior-apprentice brother runs a store, so I thought it would be an older person, but it was a younger senior-apprentice brother .

[Sid-san said something like that again……]

Jake-san made a troubled expression when at my words “senior-apprentice brother” .

[Huh? It’s not wrong though, is it?]

When it comes to apprentices, the one who became an apprentice first becomes the senior-apprentice brother or senior-apprentice sister, so the age itself is irrelevant . Hence, being a younger senior-apprentice brother is possible . Well, it’s surprising though~

[No, what do I say…… I have indeed begun learning from Boss first . However, it was when I was young and in the sense of childhood friend’s Father teaching me a little here and there……]

Ahh, so it’s like that .

[However, when Sid-san became an apprentice, you were already quite able at making bread, no?]

[Yes, that’s true, but…… it was just a hobby for me in those days…… my genuine apprenticeship began after Sid-san’s]

[So that’s why you feel complicated when Sid-san treats you as the senior-apprentice disciple?]

[Yes……]

I see, I can understand why the troubled face then .

[I’m happy for Sid-san’s concern . This store is Boss’ store, so I couldn’t endure its decline……]

[N?]

This is the Boss’ store and Jake-san is the current shopkeeper, so that means…… has the Boss already passed away? It’s also possible that he just retired…… either way, wasn’t Jake-san’s childhood friend going to succeed after the Boss? And yet, it wasn’t him but Jake-san who succeeded……--

[Was that childhood friend of yours a girl? So, perhaps……]

[Yes, she’s my wife now]

[Hoho~u]

Ohh! A marriage between childhood friends! How template~

………… Huh?

[N? Decline?]

[Oh my, Takumi-san, were you not aware of the state of this store?]

Rebecca-san made a wondering expression when I shook my head at the word “decline” .

[Eh, yes . Sid-san was the one who brought it up and since I found no problems with Sid-san’s character, I thought that a senior-apprentice brother of such a person would be all right too……]

[Oh my~]

Yes, I gave my consent without thinking about it much . Sorry .

[Honestly speaking, this store was on the brink of cessation of business, you see?]

[Ehh!?]

Rebecca-san informed me of this store’s situation .

[Well, as Takumi-san said, there was no problem in the character department~ But, make sure to give your permission only after inquiring about the business conditions and connections next time, okay?]

[………… Yes . I’m sorry]

It really is as Rebecca-san said…… I’m ashamed .

Come to think of it, Jake-san did say that I[Saved]him just a bit ago……

[…… Err, would it be all right to assume that the crisis has been averted?]

[Yes, correct . The customer traffic increased with the sales of Cream bread and Anpan, so the business has recovered by now?]

[Yes! It’s just as you say!]

[Is that so? I’m glad to hear that]

The details aside, I am really glad that the cessation of business has been avoided .

[[Onii~ chan]]

At that moment, Allen and Elena tugged on my clothes .

[N? What’s the matter, Allen, Elena?]

[[The bread is~?]]

And they wanted to eat bread .

[My, my . Indeed, it smells really nice here . I will buy it for you, so please choose whatever you like]

[[Yaay~]]

[Thank you, Rebecca-san]

[My, it’s fine to want more expensive stuff, you know?]

[No, that we can’t do as expected . --Allen, Elena, let’s give our thanks properly, okay?]

[[Un! --Thank you~ Obaa~sama!]]

[Eh!? Wha!]

When I urged Allen and Elena to say thanks, they let out the frightening “Obaasama” word .

But, Rebecca-san was delighted . Well, she wanted to be called like that herself, so~

[Fufu . Now then, come here]

[[Un!]]

Rebecca-san joined hands with the children in a good mood and started choosing the bread right away .




Chapter 140

After enjoying the bread, Rebecca-san took us again, visiting a general and jeweler stores next .

[[This is~?]]

[This you see, is a store that deals with tea leaves]

[A store that specializes in tea leaves, is it? Still…… what a great amount]

[[…… Tea~]]

The interior of the store was slightly dim, a great number of jars was lined up on the shelves, and each jar was fully cramped with tea leaves .

[Does each jar lined up here have different kinds of tea leaves in them?]

Looking carefully, the jars had labels where the name of the tea leaves and the producing area were written down .

[Yes, that’s correct]

[Hee~]

While checking the jars on my eye level, Allen and Elena called out to me .

[Say, tea~ what’s that?]

[It’s a beverage . The one I occasionally drink . Ahh, come to think of it, I have never let you guys drink black tea, did I?]

[[Did not~!]]

What Allen and Elena drink is generally a fruit water . Therefore, they had no opportunity to drink the black tea yet .

[Allen, will drink tea~]

[Elena wants to drink~]

[Eh, you want to drink it that much? But, don’t you two prefer fruit water?]

Having interest, the two demanded to drink the black tea .

However, thinking that the black tea would be too bitter for the children, I thought of pushing the fruit water, but--

[[Wanna dri~nk!]]

The two won’t give up once something catches their interest after all~

[Fufu . Allen-chan and Elena-chan just don’t seem to be able to give up once something catches their interest, right~]

[Yes, indeed……]

It appears that Rebecca-san has seen through the twins’ characters .

[Takumi-san, it’s possible to drink the tea leaves you select here inside . You must be getting thirsty about now, right? Let’s take a rest]

I see . Then, this store is something like a café?

Rebecca-san seemingly choose this store because she originally planned to take a rest .

[[Tea~!]]

Being able to drink tea, Allen and Elena raised their hands in delight .

[My favorite one is the one from Clive . What will you have, Takumi-san?]

[Err, which should I choose……]

Rebecca-san chose tea leaves she usually drinks and immediately decided on her order .

But, there were too many kinds to choose from, so I was troubled .

[Well, with tea, you won’t find the one you like before drinking it first . How about choosing the same Clive tea leaves like me, for starters?]

Unable to let the troubled me unnoticed, Rebecca-san recommended the Clive tea to me .

[Indeed . I will try the Clive leaves too then . As for Allen and Elena……]

Rebecca-san’s reasoning was sound, so I accepted her recommendation and it was time to choose tea for the children, but I’m sure they would grimace were they to drink a straight black tea .

Hmm, would they enjoy it if it was milk tea or fruit tea?

[Rebecca-san, does this store have milk tea as well?]

[Milk tea? Do you mean pouring milk into the tea?]

………… Huh?

Rebecca-san showed a wondering expression to the words “milk tea” .

[Have you perhaps never tried to drink black tea with milk?]

[No, black tea should be drunk as it is, no?]

…… That seems to be the case .

Aetherdia seems to be quite fixed on the general concept of “As it is”, is it not~

Ah, is this perhaps connected with not being able to obtain fresh milk at all times?

[In my hometown, we drank black tea with milk and called it milk tea . I think the children would like it if made sweet]

[Now that you said it, it doesn’t seem like a bad match . Why have I not tried drinking it like that before, I wonder? Say Takumi-san, what kind of tea leaves are suitable for milk tea?]

[Let’s see…… rather than tea leaves with a refreshing taste, tea leaves with strong aroma should be more compatible]

[Oh my, the Clive tea leaves should be quite compatible then]

Apparently, Clive tea uses tea leaves with a strong aroma .

[What do you think, Russel-san? Can I leave it to you?]

Then, Rebecca-san asked the store’s person to serve the tea with milk .

Not drinking it after returning to the mansion but drinking it here immediately, it seems that Rebecca-san is quite interested in milk tea .

[I am truly sorry, Rebecca-sama . This store has no milk, moreover…… I am not aware if there’s any correct way to do it, so I don’t think I would be able to serve you something delicious……]

The store’s person--Russel-san lowered his head to Rebecca-sama in apology .

Making Russel-san lower his head just because I said something unnecessary makes me honestly guilty .

[Takumi-san, do you have milk on you by any chance?]

[Y, yes . I do!]

[Then, the milk tea method?]

[If it’s the most common one, then I know it!]

But, Rebecca-san wasn’t able to give up on the milk tea and directed her questions towards me .

[Err…… adding just a little more tea leaves than usual, or brewing the black tea for longer to make it taste stronger should be fine……]

Just adding a normal temperature milk into it should be fine .

The method should be to boil the tea leaves with slightly below the normal amount of water, put the milk in and lightly heat it up, but there’s a specialist on tea here, so telling him to make the black tea stronger should be better . I can make the milk room temperature with magic, so there is no problem .

[Russel-san, how about it?]

When Rebecca-san asked again with a smile, Russel-san who heard that just making the black tea stronger would be fine acknowledged this time .

[I have kept you waiting]

We proceeded inside and took a sit on the seats until Russel-san brought a kettle with black tea and cups .

[Oh my, Russel-san . You are short of one cup . Quickly bring another one please]

[?]

Rebecca-san said such after seeing the cups lined up on the table .

Both I and Russel-san tilted our heads at Rebecca-san’s words .

[Since there an occasion, how about you ascertain the taste of the milk tea as well, Russel-san?]

[Eh!?]

Ohh, I see! Russel-san’s cup, huh .

Russel-san was surprised, but because I have requested something different from the usual request, I approve of her “as well” opinion .

[I want to hear an option of a tea specialist like yourself regarding the milk tea we are about to drink]

[…… So you meant it like that . Thank you very much for your consideration, Rebecca-sama]

When Rebecca-san frankly asked Russel-san to sample the milk tea, he didn’t reject . Thus, Russel-san brought another cup over .

[Allen and Elena, yours should be sweetened more . Sugar…… not, shall I put some honey in for you?]

[[Un!]]

After Russel-san poured the black tea, I added room temperature milk and also added honey to the children’s cups . Then, we proceeded to drink .

[Oh my!]

[This is-!]

[[……]]

Rebecca-san and Russel-san made surprised expression after drinking the milk tea .

Then, the two added honey and drank it sweet just like Allen and Elena .

As for Allen and Elena, both were sipping a little by little in silence .

[Oh my, oh my, it also tastes good when sweet~ Russel-san, what do you think?]

[I think that black tea as it is would be still better when wanting to feel refreshed after a meal, but adding milk during a rest, especially the sweet one would be nice as well]

It appears that milk tea suited the two’s tastes .

[[Seconds~]]

Of course, Allen and Elena who emptied their cups with smiles also were pleased with the milk tea no doubt .

[The taste becomes different depending on both tea and people, doesn’t it~ Say, Takumi-san . Are there perhaps other ways to drink tea deliciously?]

While preparing another helping of the milk tea, Rebecca-san asked me about the tea arrangement .

[…… Let’s see~ Those I know about are fruit teas, in which you simply put fruits into the tea . I think that both raw and dry fruits would be fine . Also…… I have never done it myself so I am not that knowledgeable about it, but I heard of people putting things like mint and ginger in their teas]

I replied while trying to remember .

I have never actually drunk them myself, but I have heard of mint tea and ginger tea .

Also…… wasn’t there a butter tea or something? No, was this for coffee?

N~…… it would be better to not say something I’m not certain of .

[Hee~ there are many ways to drink tea, aren’t there~ But……]

Rebecca-san nodded in admiration to my words . However--

[Takumi-san, you are saying it unconsciously, but this is considerably valuable information, you know? Therefore, you can’t say things like these so simply]

[Eh!? I, is that so?]

[That is so, gee!]

To not say information like that so easily…… I got cautioned .

Well, it’s not like Rebecca-san is angry or anything .

[Tell me, Russel-san . What do you think about the teas Takumi-san spoke about?]

[Let’s see…… I believe there would be a need to test the kinds of tea leaves, but neither doesn’t seem to have a bad compatibility with black tea . Therefore, as Rebecca-san said, I believe this to be a valuable information]

[See, didn’t I say so?]

Both Russel-san and Rebecca-san were of the same opinion . However--

[However, even if I regret it now, this is not something I can keep to myself forever……]

If it’s tea arrangement, then I don’t think much will change even if the public is aware of it~

Rather, if I kept it secret, wouldn’t others swarm me with “What’s that?” questions when they see me drink it?

[Russel-san, if you’d like it to use as products in your store then please do so . I won’t mind]

[…… Are you sure?]

[Yes]

“That’s so like Takumi-san” Rebecca-san looked at me with a lukewarm gaze, but I decided to entrust fruit teas, mint tea, and ginger tea to Russel-san .




Chapter 141

[[Request~♪]]

I intended to take it easy after going shopping with Rebecca-san, but Allen and Elena seemed wanting to move to their hearts’ content soon, so we came to the Adventurer’s Guild to receive a request, and looked at the written requests on the board .

[Herbs~]

[Monsters~]

[[Which to do~♪]]

Just as I thought, the two eyed the requests while singing happily .

[Now then, which one would be good?]

[[Hmmmm~……]]

Err……[Seeking Shadow Wolf fangs][Seeking Water Bear pelts][Seeking Giant Boar pelts]huh . These would be subjugation-type, harvesting requests . Requests like these involve defeating the corresponding monsters and submitting only the requested parts . The rest can be sold off .

We always accept only herb-picking plant requests, so we had not received any subjugation request before~

However…… they are all materials I have on hand . If we accept these requests, I could finish it right on the spot……

There would be no meaning in accepting a request…… the children wouldn’t be content .

No, should I leave them in the《Infinite Storage》and go harvest new ones? We should do that if there are no particularly valuable requests .

[This is~?]

While trying to decide on the subject of the request, Allen pointed at one of the written requests .

The two still only know numbers and simple letters, so he must have pointed at something which stood out .

[This one?]

[Un!]

[This is a request wanting the[Cotton Sheep’s wool]…… it’s a sheep that looks like a lump of fluff~]

[[Lump of fluff~?]]

[Yeah, I think it should be a lump of fluff? Well, I have not actually seen it myself before]

Cotton Sheep is apparently a monster with the bulky wool of a sheep .

Is that hair a cotton? Is it a wool? That’s the question .

But, I wouldn’t understand unless I touched it .

[[Lump of fluff, wanna see~!]]

[N? Errr……--Ah~ this one is not good]

[[Eeh~]]

[The request is too far away . It would be a bit unreasonable]

Unfortunately, the main habitat of Cotton Sheep seems to be in the alpines of a foreign country .

There wouldn’t be a problem if we planned to go that way, but it would be unsuitable for today’s request .

[[Muu~]]

Although unwilling, Allen and Elena gave up, so I decided to look for another request .

[Then, this~]

Next, Elena pointed at a written request .

[This one? This is……]

This request was seeking the scale of a Leviathan .

[Ah~…… this one is also not good]

[[Ehh~]]

[This request is asking for a scale of Leviathan--in other words, Kaiser’s scale . Allen and Elena wouldn’t like to hurt or bring pain upon Kaiser, right?]

I do not know whether it would be possible for us to tear off Kaiser’s scale . Besides, I have no idea whether tearing off scales from Kaiser would hurt him . I mean, the time we received a scale from Kaiser, he casually ripped it off of himself . It might be actually the same feeling as plucking a hair is for us . But, the two wouldn’t be satisfied unless I said something like this .

[[Can’t-!]]

Just as I thought, the two refused with all of their might . They will surely give up on this request .

Rather, who is it, the one who put up such a request! Even though Leviathan scales aren’t something so easily obtainable . Well, the remuneration for the completion is that staggering though!

[See, it’s not a good request . Therefore, let’s look for a different one]

[[Un, got it~]]

The children consented, so we viewed the requests once more .

[[That is~?]]

This time, Allen and Elena pointed at the same request .

[This one? This is[Seeking Bloody Wolf pelts]]

[[I know!]]

[Indeed . We have defeated Bloody Wolves in the Gaya Forest before]

[[Un! …… Huhh~ we have?]]

[Pelts of the Bloody Wolves? Yup, we do~]

[[Completed?]]

Ohh~ After Allen and Elena chose this request, they seem to have noticed that we could complete it immediately?

[You understood it well . That’s right . Even if we accept this request, it would end once we hand over the pelts]

[[No good-!]]

[Haha . Allen and Elena’s turn would get lost after all, right?]

[[Un!]]

[Let’s choose a different request then . Now then, is there anything good, I wonder~ --Oh, wouldn’t something like this be good?]

As I gazed at the large number of requests again, the request in the vicinity of the Capital frequently appeared, and yet, there were numerous monster materials I have not heard of before .

[[What is it~?]]

[N? This one requests the[Battle Eagle feathers] . We have not fought any bird-type monsters before, but how about it?]

[[Will do~]]

[Alright! Let’s settle on this one then]

We have no experience against bird-type monsters, but the objective this time is the feathers . If there are fallen feathers around the nest, we really wouldn’t have to fight the Battle Eagle . Therefore, there shouldn’t be a problem with the degree of difficulty .

Besides, Battle Eagle itself is a C-rank monster, so it’s not like we would fall behind if the fight broke out .

[Allen, will fight~]

[Elena, will do her best~]

Allen and Elena were full of motivation to fight as always .

[There’s no need to defeat it by all means, but…… well, if an enemy comes at us, I will leave it to you]

[[Un!]]

We won’t know until that time, but because we will surely encounter monsters on the way, it’s not like there won’t be any fighting for the two . I will have the two do their best at that time .

That being the case, I promptly took the[Battle Eagle feathers]request, and finished the procedures at the reception .




Chapter 142

With the objective of the Battle Eagle nest, we departed from the town .

The habitat of the Battle Eagles is near the valley where we picked the Crystal Flowers together with Raizel . It’s apparently in the vicinity of the mountaintop . That being the case, I summoned Joule and others a short distance from the town, we got on Joule and Feat’s backs and moved towards the foot of the mountain at the fastest speed .

[Red~]

[Yellow~]

[Ohh~ this is a masterpiece]

The leaves that were still verdant the last time we came were now in the splendid colors of Fall .

《The ground also looks great~》

As Joule said, the ground of the mountain was filled with colorful fallen leaves .

[Although it’s only Fall, it has genuinely become colder . The rest of the leaves will most likely fall in half a month too]

[[Fall~?]]

[That’s right . It’s still Fall . But, it will be winter by the time the remaining leaves fall]

[[Winter~]]

I can feel that it has gotten really cold recently .

《Hey, Niisama . There are many mushrooms over there, should we go get them?》

[N? Ohh~ you are right]

When I looked in the direction Feat pointed, I could see many mushrooms such as petal mushrooms, rook mushrooms, red umbrella mushroom growing there .

Dizziness, numbing, sleepiness…… well, at least half of them were poisonous, but there were edible ones mixed among them .

[[Mushrooms, gonna get~!]]

[Indeed . Since we have the chance, let’s pick mushrooms for a little]

In the first place, the request hung there for two-three days already, so it’s not like we have to rush .

Therefore, it won’t be a problem to take a little time to pick some mushrooms here . Rather, it would be better to waste the time Joule and Feat gained by traveling on something else .

[[Yaay~]]

《Let’s get lots! I want to try eating grilled ones!》(Joule)

《Oh my, wouldn’t soup be good as well?》(Feat)

《I think that stewing them together would be nice as well》(Bolt)

《I’m fine as long as it’s delicious!》(Vector)

《I also want to try eating various stuff!》(Mile)

When I approved the mushroom picking, the children scattered while rejoicing .

[Oy~ can you tell apart the edible mushrooms~?]

I called them back to confirm whether they know which mushrooms to pick, but Allen and Elena declared full of confidence that they know .

[[Saw in book~]]

Ahh, I see . So it’s like that .

I have bought an encyclopedia before . Allen and Elena seemed to remember the contents which were written in there .

[You memorized them properly? How admirable you are~]

[[Ehehe~]]

The smiled bashfully when I praised them .

《I also know which mushrooms can be eaten, you know~》

《Me too, me too! I can tell which are tasty!》

Then, Joule and Vector claimed that they can also distinguish the edible mushrooms .

[Is that so? Then, go and get some tasty mushrooms for us please]

《I will do my best~!》

《Got it~》

When I asked Joule and Vector to do that while patting their heads, the two animals were obviously in high spirits .

《Allen, Elena, let’s go~!》

《Let’s go, let’s go♪》

[[Un!]]

Then, they broke into a run together with Allen and Elena .

《My, my, they will probably pick lots of mushrooms since they are in such high spirits . Since I cannot distinguish the edible ones, how about I look for mushrooms that could be used for a medicine?》

《Indeed . Also…… looking for mushrooms that can be used as sleeping drugs or anesthetics might be also good》

《Agreed nano! Ah, I will pick the poisonous mushrooms too!》

Feat, Bolt, and Mile will apparently look for mushrooms with a special use . But, still--

[Poisonous mushrooms too?]

《Yes, nano! Errm…… I think they can be used for pesticide(?) too . Each mushroom has…… eh, I don’t know how to put it in words, but the poisonous mushrooms should have their use too nano!》

[I see . Poisonous mushrooms certainly should have such use . Let’s see, it wouldn’t be a problem to assort them later, so do pick those mushrooms as well]

《I will do my best!》

After that, we picked the mushrooms indiscriminately .

[Over here~]

《Ohh~ these are petal mushrooms . There’s so many of them~》

[Over here too~]

《Those are also tasty ones!》

Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector smoothly picked a large number of edible mushrooms .

Mushrooms like Shiitake or Shimeji which I know very well, and mushrooms with red umbrella and pola dots that would appear only in a manga . Additionally--

[[Ah!]]

《Ohh? That’s a fluff mushroom! Allen, Elena, you found a rare mushroom~》

[[Ehehehe~]]

They apparently found a rare mushroom . As expected of Allen and Elena .

《Ah, this is a mushroom which paralyzes the senses when eaten, no?》

《Yeah . If I’m not mistaken, humans use it to relieve the pain》

《There are gloom mushrooms here!》

Feat, Bolt, and Mile have also found violet mushrooms, shocking pink mushrooms, and darkish, at a glance questionable mushrooms .

[[So many~!]]

[I see . You picked quite a lot]

A short while later, we picked a heap of mushrooms .

[Although I can store them in the《Infinite Storage》, this is way too many]

[Obaa~sama]

[Ojii~sama]

[N?]

[[Present~]]

By “Ojiisama” do they mean Matthias-san?

I don’t mind sharing the edible mushrooms with the Ruven House, but…… since when did Allen and Elena start calling Matthias-san “Ojiisama”?

Do they call Matthias-san like this on their own, or did Rebecca-san told them to call him like that…… either way, the other party is a Count though…… is that really okay?

No, Allen and Elena must be calling him like that since they got the permission though~

[…… Ahh, right . Let’s give some mushrooms to Matthias-san and Rebecca-san to eat]

[[Un!]]

Right, right, let’s give them these three-colored truffles I completely forgot about too .

Truffles smell nice, but the taste well…… it’s not a taste you would eat normally, so we had no oppurtunity to eat them yet . Let’s eat them at the Ruven House!

[Now then, let’s have a meal soon and climb the mountain]

[[Meal~!]]

We enjoyed a stew full of mushrooms and began climbing the mountain .




Chapter 143

Aniue~ there are nests over there!》 After climbing the mountain for a while, I had Bolt look for the Battle Eagle nests from the sky . Then, Bolt immediately reported after he found the nests . [Thank you, Bolt] 《No, I am glad I could be of help》 I showed appreciation to Bolt who landed on my shoulder by patting his head . [Now then, we have found the location of the Battle Eagle’s nests thanks to Bolt . Shall we go there right away?] [Yess~] The Battle Eagle’s nest we went towards to was at the rock face of a cliff . [Oh, it’s here?] We looked up at the cliff from the bottom . [[Not here~?]] Just as the two said, what we saw from the bottom were branches of the trees with many nests, but there was no Battle Eagle present . [Seems like it . But, there are many fallen feathers] There were no Battle Eagles around, but there were many Battle Eagle feathers on the ground . [We can complete the request if we pick these up] [[《《Ehh~》》]] The requested feathers will be used as quill pens . Therefore, even undamaged feathers that fell down are all right . In that respect, there are many feathers in neat shapes mixed among the fallen feathers . But, this is where Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector were dissatisfied . [Now, now, being able to finish without fighting is good] 《That’s right . Joule and Vector too, you cannot be selfish and trouble Niisama》 Feat and I tried to persuade the two animals . Well, it’s not like I don’t understand the feelings of the children who want to move around, but there’s no need to fight because of that . It’s not like they are battle enthusiasts . …… They are not battle enthusiasts, right? They are joyful when there are monsters to subjugate, but…… that’s different, right? They just want to play an active role, right? It’s like that, right!? […… Ah~ right, there were herbs that I wanted . Will you help me search once we are done here?] [[Will search~]] 《Will do, will do~》 《Ehh~ I wanted to go wild~》 When I tried asking them to help me look for herbs, Allen, Elena, and Joule immediately acknowledged, but Vector leaked out a dissatisfied grumble…… well, Vector’s race is originally a battle-centric race, so it can’t be helped . But, I can feel relieved with this . If they were battle enthusiasts, I would have to reconsider my method of raising them . [Then, for now, shall we pick the feathers?] [[《《《《《Yes~》》》》》]] With everyone working, we gathered the fallen feathers in no time . Of course, the number of requested feathers was only twelve though . [Shall we end this soon, everyone?] [[End~?]] [Yeah, we picked many feathers already after all . Everyone, thank you--N?] At that time, I heard a cry of a small bird . [A chirp? It’s near] […… Pii] …… I heard it again . Moreover, I heard two this time . [[That way~]] It didn’t seem to be just my imagination, so when I looked towards the direction of the chirps, I could see a small eaglet pop up its head from a nest . [Huh, so the eaglets were here] [[Eaglets~?]] [Right, the children of the Battle Eagles] [[So cute~]] The eaglets were nestlings who could not fly just yet . 《There was no one on guard even though the eaglets are here, isn’t that strange?》 Joule tilted his head in puzzlement after looking around . But, the situation is strange just as Joule said . [True . Even if they went to catch prey, they should leave a few adults to stand on the watch] It would be a possible situation if there was only one nest, but there are many of them here . What I am trying to say is that Battle Eagles seem to live in a convocation . If that’s the case, then they should be utilizing a shift system when going to hunt . 《Yeah . Oh my, there is an eaglet that is about to fall off at any moment》 [Eh, where?] 《Look, Niisama, over there . On the left》 When I turned towards where Feat was looking at, I saw an eaglet hanging out of the nest . [That one, huh . You were right……--wha!! It fell out while talking!! Bolt, catch it!] 《Yes!》 Seeing the eaglet fall off, I asked Bolt to catch it in panic . He splendidly caught the nestling mid-air . [Thank you, Bolt] Receiving the eaglet in my palm, Bolt stopped on my shoulder . 《It was nothing . Rather than that, Aniue!》 [W, what’s the matter, Bolt?] Bolt who was usually calm showed panicked appearances . 《It’s about the parents of these eaglets . They are apparently fighting with a huge monster that attacked the nests some time ago》 [Eh? How do you know that, Bolt? Have you seen something while flying?] 《No, this child said so》 Bolt stretched his beak towards the eaglet in the palm of my hand . Their races were different, but whether it was because both were bird-type monsters, Bolt understood the eaglet’s chirps . [Is that why all the parents are away?] 《Yes . It’s apparently…… a difficult fight, so this child came seeking help!》 [Ehh!? …… This little eaglet wants our help?] [Pii] When I tried to reaffirm with Bolt, the eaglet cried in affirmation . […… You want us to help?] [Pii!] When I asked the little eaglet one more time to confirm, the little eaglet cried while gesturing a nod . …… It seems to properly understand my words . [[Will help~!]] 《Oniichan, let’s help them!》 《…… Niisama~》 《Aniue, please》 [Garu~n] 《Takumi Nii, let’s help them!》 Seeing my exchange with the eaglet, the children were fully willing . While troubled over how to reply, I could feel jii~…… the children’s stares on me . …… Even though they were so eager to fight the Battle Eagles just some time ago . […… Oh well] [[《《《《《Yaay~》》》》》]] The other party is wild animals, but that does not mean that every wild animal is our enemy . Besides, if one seeks help from me, then I shall help them…… showing a spirit like this is necessary for the children’s education . [I do not hear the sounds of the battle, so they don’t seem to be fighting in the vicinity . We have to find their location first] [[Will work hard~]] We hurriedly decided to search for the eaglets’ parents .




Chapter 144

[[N~ there~?]]

Because of the Battle Eagle chick’s rescue request, we searched for place of battle of its parents .

They apparently fought the enemy while moving away from the nests, so they weren’t close to them .

Allen and Elena are looking too, but they cannot find the place at all because I am not the target .

[Yeah . My【Detection】gives a big reaction from over there]

I tried searching the vicinity with【Detection】as well, but because monsters are in all directions, I couldn’t clearly tell that “this is the place” . However, assuming that the adult eagles are in a group, I can reduce the list .

The direction I felt was the same Allen and Elena pointed at, so there’s surely no mistake .

[Pii]

《This child is saying that it’s that way》

When we decided on the destination, the eaglet was in agreement .

It would be troublesome if the adults thought we were enemies when we approach the battle, so the eaglet that fell out of the nest had to be brought along .

But well, there’s a possibility that they would think we are kidnappers and attack us anyway~ The eaglet will have to do its best explaining then .

《Oniichan, there are traces of fighting》

Although we have decided on the direction, I decided to search the vicinity for some clues, and Joule has apparently found traces of fighting .

[Oh, you are right . Rather, it seems that there was quite a struggle, but…… I heard no noise?]

I looked at the place that opened out, but there were traces of trees forcibly pushed down .

Moreover, the place was dotted with the same feathers we found before . Unfortunately, most of the feathers here are damaged .

《N~ seems that the Battle Eagles are fighting a higher ranked monster》

《There are scales! It’s surely a snake!》

Feat and Mile who surveyed the surroundings informed me what they found .

《Aniue, it’s serious!》

[What’s the matter, Bolt?]

《The adults apparently had not returned since yesterday》

[Eh! Y, yesterday!?]

《…… Yes》

[…… Pii]

I was shocked by the new information .

There’s no doubt that a fierce fight happened here, yet we didn’t hear any noise . I found it weird…… I found it weird!

[…… Then, the fight here took place yesterday? Of course, we wouldn’t hear the sounds of a battle……]

I don’t understand the present situation, so there’s nothing I can say . But, it’s certain that we should speed up .

[There’s no problem if they guided it away safely, but……]

[Pii, pii]

As if trying to say something, the eaglet jumped up on my head and tapped it .

When I sent a look to Bolt, he immediately interpreted for me .

《[If it’s Tousan and Kaasan then they will be fine]is what it is saying》

Ah~…… my words must have rubbed the eaglet the wrong way or possibly fanned it’s anxiety .

That’s most likely why the eaglet is saying that its parents will be fine .

[Yeah, indeed . When we meet them, you can complain[You are late!]to them]

[Pii!]

When I half-jokingly said that to the eaglet, it gave a cheerful reply .

[First of all, let’s hastily look for them! Joule, Feat, let us get on please . Bolt, you check the surroundings]

《Got it~ Allen, Elena, come here》

[[Un]]

《Niisama is on me then》

《I am off!》

After giving the instructions, the children began moving quickly .

Allen and Elena got on Joule, while I got on Feat’s back . Mile too, tightly held onto Vector’s mane, and we were ready to go .

[We will increase the speed, so make sure to hold on properly, okay?]

[Pii!]

When I cautioned the eaglet not to fall, it gave a cheerful reply once again .

I felt my hair being pulled on a little, so the eaglet must be holding on properly .

Confirming that everything’s all right, Joule, Feat, and Vector broke into a run .

《Aniue, I found them! Straight ahead, about six to seven kilometers》

[Good job, Bolt!]

Bolt who confirmed the surroundings from the skies as usual returned . It seems he safely found the adults…… still, they seem to be quite the distance away .

[You seemed to be up for quite a long time, is your body all right?]

《I’m fine . Also, Aniue, I am not 100% certain, but the opponent seemed to be a Silver Python, the adults still seem to be guiding it away》

Silver Python, huh . Err…… as the name suggests, it’s about a ten-meter silver snake of a B rank .

It’s smaller than Evil Viper and possesses no venom, but its muscly body will strangle you to death if you get caught .

Battle Eagle who is C-rank wouldn’t stand a chance if alone, but they are a group . They have sufficient forces to fight .

[Pii!]

[I know . Everyone, let’s hurry up!]

[Pii!]

Although I said that, I cannot feel completely at ease .

The eaglet also urged to hurry .

《…… Aniue, you seem to be having a conversation with the eaglet…… have you come to understand its words?》

It was a coincidence, but it seems the eaglet and I held a proper conversation .

[…… No, I just had a hunch]

It’s not like I understood precisely what the eaglet was saying . I truly just had a hunch . However, I felt that it was saying[Hurry!]!

[[Onii~ chan, ama~zing!]]

[Ugh……]

It was just a coincidence, okay…… Allen, Elena, don’t look at me with such sparkly eyes, alright?




Chapter 145

《They are in sight!》(Joule)

Joule and the rest are really fast when they run seriously . We have arrived to the place where the Battle Eagles fought with the Silver Python in no time .

And so, I intended to help the adult eagles at once, but--

[Oh my?]

[[Huhh~?]]

The Silver Python was in an obviously unsteady state and full of injuries .

In comparison, although there were some wounded among the Battle Eagles, there didn’t seem to be anyone at risk of life .

《Somewhat…… the parent birds seem to be able to defeat it~》(Joule)

《Indeed, it looks like they gradually depleted the python’s stamina over time》(Feat)

《We have no turn》(Vector)

《Let’s be glad that the adults are safe》(Bolt)

《Yeah nano! It’s good that we don’t need to interfere!》(Mile)

While feeling relieved about the unexpected, I saw one of the Battle Eagles withdrawing from the battle .

Noticing our presences, it flew towards us .

[Pii, pii]

[Pyuru~]

The eaglet let out a bright cry and jumped towards the approaching Battle Eagle .

《It seems to be this child’s parent》(Bolt)

[Is that so?]

《Yes, he’s confirming the eaglet’s safety . Also, he’s asking why it is in a place like this》(Bolt)

The parent bird was taking glances at us, but the eaglet seemed to have explained well as I didn’t feel any hostility from the parent bird . It seems that we were not mistaken for kidnappers .

[Pyuru, pyuru~]

The parent and a child seemed to finish talking as the parent bird turned towards us and let out a cry as if wanting to say something to us .

[What is it saying, Bolt?]

《Err, let’s see……[Thank you for taking care of our son . We had a wee~ bit of a difficult time, but we will finish soon, so wait for a moment]》(Bolt)

[……]

What do I say here…… it was neat and tidy? Manly? No, older bro-like? person (bird) .

After saying that, the parent bird returned to the battle and begun attacking the Silver Python .

《Ohh~ this feels like the last all-out attack, doesn’t it~?》(Joule)

The Battle Eagles suddenly rose into the air and swoop attacking the Silver Python all at once . And then, they slashed the python in succession .

As Joule said, it felt like a conclusion of the battle was made .

The Silver Python couldn’t withstand the attacks of the Battle Eagles and--thud, it’s body fell to the ground with a loud noise .

《They defeated it!》(Mile)

《True . Their cooperation was amazing~》(Feat)

It felt like watching troops as they attacked in a perfect order .

[Pyuru~]

Before long, the convocation of Battle Eagles flew towards us .

[Pyuru]

《Aniue,[Ou, we made you wait!]he says》

[…… Yeah, thank you, Bolt]

Bolt is surely trying to speak with the tone of the parent bird, but coming from Bolt who is always so polite, it makes me feel uncomfortable .

[We have not waited at all, so it’s fine . You have worked hard]

[Ama~zing!]

[So stron~g!]

[Pretty~]

[Exact~!]

When I replied, Allen and Elena showered the Battle Eagles with an endless amount of compliments .

[[[Pyuru~]]]

Then, the Battle Eagles chirped proudly in a chorus .

[Pyuru, pyururu~]

《[Being praised by humans feels ticklish~ But, it doesn’t feel bad~]he says》

As the representative of the Battle Eagles, the parent bird returned words in embarrassment, but…… as I thought, the way Bolt interprets it makes me uncomfortable .

[Now then, we took longer than we planned, shall we return?]

[Un, Tousan, I am hungry~]

[I see . We got lots of good meat, so I will let you eat when we return to the nest]

[Yaay~]

[Right! Why don’t you come too, Niichan~]

[Eh!?]

Bolt was interpreting after that too, but it seems like they are returning to the nests .

But, at that time, we have received an invitation to have a meal together from the Battle Eagle . As I never thought to receive an invitation from a monster, I unintentionally let out a voice .

《Allen and Elena seem to be growing children as well, so he’s saying to eat lots of meat》

[[Meat~?]]

《Yes . The Silver Python’s meat on its fat is apparently very tasty》

[[Ohh~]]

[Allen, wants to eat~!]

[Elena will eat too~]

The participation of the monsters’ dinner party was immediately decided on .

《Also, Aniue . They need to carry that Silver Python back to the nests, so they are requesting a dismantling》

Moreover, they even requested dismantling from me .

《Battle Eagles are able to do it themselves, but it would take them time to get through the skin, and you would be faster and do it more beautifully, so they are asking you to do it》

[…… Ahh, yes, tell them I understand . Bolt, confirm whether it would be better for me to carry it as well]

《Understood》

I tried offering the transportation of the Silver Python which the Battle Eagles seemed like they would have a difficult time doing as well .

Bolt immediately got a confirmation .

《Aniue, they are requesting you to do it . Also, they won’t need the skin and fangs after the dismantling, so you can apparently keep them》

After asked for the transportation, they even presented a remuneration .

Somehow…… the steady exchange repeats so much I am starting to forget that the other party are Battle Eagles .

When I stored the Silver Python into the《Infinite Storage》, we returned with the Battle Eagles to the nests . Then, I immediately dismantled the python . Battle Eagles have no problems with eating raw meat, but that’s not the case for us, so I decided to simply grill the meat with salt and pepper .

Then, the Battle Eagles got interested in “cooked meat”, so I ended up grilling a great amount of meat . Again, I felt it to be unsatisfactory for us, so I also decided to grill some vegetables and mushrooms .

[[It’s tasty~]]

《Oniichan, I want to eat Rook mushrooms next!》(Joule)

《Variously seasoned food is good too, but simply salted with pepper is nice as well~》(Feat)

《Aniue, do say if you need help》(Bolt)

《Niichan, Niichan! More meat~!》(Vector)

《It’s yummy! I want to eat more nano!》(Mile)

That being the case, the dinner transformed into a large-scale barbecue party .

[I see, cooked things are also quite good!]

[Yummy!]

The Battle Eagle parent and a child also seemed to like it .

The more than ten-meter python had a lot of meat . But, it decreased very fast, and in the end, we ate about half of it .

Although lots of it was eaten raw, I also grilled a lot so I am quite tired~

When the barbecue was about to finish, we have made friends with the other Battle Eagles too and that day, we fell asleep buried in Joule and others near the nests .

[Visit us again]

[Come to play~]

[[See you~]]

We were delayed considerably, but we decided to return to the town after promising to come again .




Chapter 146

Upon returning to the town, we visited the Adventurer’s Guild first .

And then, when we lined up in the queue of the counter, I noticed that the receptionists behind the reception desks brought about a hurried atmosphere .

I feel that something similar happened once before, but at that time, they sought adventurers to dispatch to the goblin nest which appeared near the town . I accepted that request that time, but…… this feels quite similar .

[…… Umm]

When I called out to the receptionists because they weren’t noticing the existences of the adventurers at all, one of the women hurriedly ran over to the counter .

[Ah! I am sorry . Err……]

[I want to report the completion of the request]

[Yes, I will accept it . Please submit your guild card first]

[Here you go]

I handed over my guild card and placed the Battle Eagle feathers on top of the counter .

Allen and Elena imitated me and took out their guild cards on the counter .

[Ta, Takumi-san!?]

When the receptionist verified the guild card, she looked at my face again in surprise .

[Y, yes, that’s right…… are we acquaintanced?]

[No, not directly . However, I have heard about you . My name is Mikina . Would you understand if I told you that I am the Guild Master and Katie’s daughter?]

[Ah! Then, you are Kana’s sister!]

[Yes, that’s right!]

She was Andy-san’s and Keimi-san’s second daughter, Mikina-san .

[For Takumi-san to return from a request just at this time, what a good fortune! --Someone, go inform Master!]

Hearing Mikina-san’s words, one of the women ran towards the Guild Master’s office .

[…… Ermm?]

[There is a little trouble you see…… we would like to ask Takumi-san to resolve that trouble for us!]

[Trouble, is it?]

[Yes, we will definitely explain further, so please would you at least hear us out first?]

[All right, I cannot make a judgment without listening first, so if it’s only hearing you out……]

[Thank you very much!]

I can’t decide whether I can solve their troubles without hearing about the situation first after all .

Just accepting to hear them out made Mikina-san this happy though .

[Ah, I will handle the processing of this request first]

Then, she quickly started with the procedures of the Battle Eagle feathers request .

[-- Yes, it’s finished . Err, I think they will come soon, but…… ahh, here she is]

[Yesyes, thank you for waiting~]

When I matched Mikina-san’s gaze, I saw Keimi-san approaching .

[Then, I leave it to you, Takumi-san♪]

Keimi-san came, waving her hand and smiling while talking as if I have already accepted their request .

[Nonono! Please explain the situation first!?]

[That’s right, Okaasan . Let’s explain! Moreover, he has not given his acknowledgment yet, you know!?]

Let alone me, even Mikina-san was startled by Keimi-san’s remark .

[Oh you~ I was just joking, just joking . Please don’t look at me with such condemning gazes, you two]

Keimi-san laughed[Hohoho~] .

She’s saying that she was just joking, but I am pretty sure that Keimi-san was serious .

[Gee~ Okaasan~]

Mikina-san dejectedly hung her head at her mother’s playfulness .

When we moved to a private room, Keimi-san promptly explained the situation .

[You see, a herd of Armored Buffalo has apparently appeared at the beginner adventurer level grassland]

[Armored Buffalo, is it?]

The monsters known as Armored Buffalo have bodies hard as steel, their tough skin is their characteristic trait, and they have imposing horns on their heads .

They are monsters of a B-rank, so it’s only natural that they would cause many troubles for the beginners .

But, there should be plenty of capable people in the capital . I believe that the guild should be able to find people that are able to deal with the Armored Buffalo in no time……--

[Speaking honestly, I am wondering why did you decide to call upon me]

[Well, of course you do . Normally, we would be already moving to deal with them . There are many people that are able to deal with the Armored Buffalo . However, unfortunately, the people available at present are only those who mainly use weapons to fight]

[Ahh~……]

I see, so that’s what it is about .

Armored Buffalo are really tough, so people using weapons such as swords would be at a disadvantage while fighting them .

Even if they defeat them, their swords would be chipped or broken…… they would probably love to avoid that at all costs . Therefore, even if there are people capable of defeating them around, most of them are hesitating to undertake the request .

Fortunately(?), the appearance of the Armored Buffalo is not a pressing matter, so there don’t seem to be people willing to accept the request .

[However, the guild cannot possibly leave the grasslands which are used by the beginners in its current state~]

That being the case, they turned to me who fights with magic .

[The meat of Armored Buffalo is delicious, you know! Hence, Takumi-san . Would you please go out for just~ a little and defeat them for us?]

A delicious beef, huh~…… this is quite a tempting request .

[[Delish~?]]

[Indeed . It’s very yummy!]

[[Wanna eat~!]]

Hearing about the delicious meat, the children were extremely on board .

They were looking at me with sparkly eyes .

[…… We have just returned though, aren’t you tired?]

[[Is fine~!]]

[I see . --That being the case, Keimi-san, we will accept your request]

That being the case, I decided to accept the Armored Buffalo subjugation request .

[Thank you! Although I knew, you are bringing the children along, aren’t you? However, it’s fine if you rest for today and do it tomorrow, okay? You have just returned from a different request, no?]

[Though I understand that it’s not a pressing matter, these kinds of things are better cleaned up right away]

[[Meat~!]]

[Besides, as you can see, we want to get our hands on the Armored Buffalo meat as quickly as possible, that would probably be our true intentions?]

[Oh my!]

Although Keimi-san said that it doesn’t have to be today, the children were urging me .

Looking at the two who were sining[[Meat, meat~♪]], Keimi-san giggled and nodded in understanding .

[Fufu . So you will be eating all sorts of Armored Buffalo meat for the dinner tonight? How nice~ Hey, Takumi-san . Not mentioning the meat, the guild will take the skin and other materials off of you]

Since they mentioned that it’s a “herd” it won’t be just one or two animals . We will be able to secure enough meat for us to eat, so there should be plenty left over to sell to the guild .

[Roger that]

Finishing the procedures right away, I was urged on by Allen and Elena’s[Quickly, quikckly], and so we left for the grassland immediately after returning to the town .




Chapter 147

[This is it]

The grassland of our objective was truly just within a stone’s throw away from the Capital . That’s because we reached our destination in less than an hour even without getting on Joule and others’ backs .

Rather, although they have no intentions of attacking, I feel that having a group of B-ranked monsters this close to a town would case a great ruckus…

Was there actually a ruckus and I just didn’t know about it? Well, it can’t be helped that I don’t know the things around here much~

“Ah!”

“There!”

“Oh, you are right . Erm… that’s about fifteen?”

A pitch black cows that were much thicker and larger than the cows I know of were greedily devouring the grass of the grassland .

We will be subjugating those cow now, but there is something I have to say first .

“Allen, Elena . The heads and backs of those fellows are extremely tough, so you mustn’t kick them there, all right?”

“”Got it~!””

When I cautioned the children to not kick the hard parts so they legs don’t hurt, the two returned cheerful replies .

“”Hmmm, hmmm~…””

Then, the two folded their arms and seemed to be pondering about something .

“Can kick the belly~?”

“Hmm? Yes, kicking near their bellies is fine . ”

“Magic~?”

“That’s right, using magic would be good too . ”

Allen and Elena each came up with methods of fighting the Armored Buffalo .

“So, which will you use?”

“”Both!””

“Haha, both, huh?”

“”Yup!”

“Let’s see~ Oniichan wants to fight too, so let’s try defeating each animal differently!”

“”Yeah, okay!””

That being the case, we divided the Armored Buffalo between us and decided to defeat them .

“Allen, is first!”

“Ah~ not fair~ Elena is first too~”

“N?”

Then, they began scrambling for the order, which is unusual for them .

It seems to have been caused by me when I said that “I will defeat five of them . ”

They are apparently thinking that we will be taking turns instead of each defeating five while acting together .

But, I wouldn’t have to take my eyes off of the children with the former method, so I would be more thankful with that .

“Yesyes, stop! The Armored Buffalo noticed us . ”

As the two were quarreling “That one is Allen’s!” “That’s Elena’s!”, the Armored Buffalo came rushing at us .

“Look, there’s two, so each of you take on one . ”

“”Yea!””

The two immediately stopped and stared at the Armored Buffalo merrily .

“By the way, have you already decided whether you will be using hand-to-hand combat or magic?”

“”Uniyu?””

“The two that are approaching are already relatively close, so both of you using magic when there’s someone beside you might be dangerous, no?”

“”Ohh~””

I don’t think the two would attack each other even by a mistake, but when I tried asking just in case, the two raised their voices as if they just noticed .

“Kick~?”

“Magic~?”

Allen and Elena looked at each other, and tilted their heads in puzzlement .

“”Hmm~ let’s see… — Kick~!””

Then, the answer they came up with was “Kick” — a hand-to-hand combat .

As I thought, the two prefer moving their bodies around~

“I repeat, don’t attack their heads and backs, okay?”

“”Yea! I am going~!””

“Yes, be safe . ”

Allen and Elena broke into a run, straight towards the Armored Buffalo .

The two charged straight at the Armored Buffalo and slid under them at the last moment .

“”Take this~!””

And then, they kicked up with both of their legs .

The Armored Buffalo didn’t rise because of their weight, but they lost their balance and toppled over—Thud, a heavy sound resounded .

“Ehh-!? That’s dangerous!”

Allen and Elena skillfully evacuated from under the two animals, but that was quite a dangerous attack . If unlucky, they could have gotten squished under the Armored Buffalo .

“”Haa~!””

“”Bumoo——!!””

Immediately after, the two threw ax kicks aiming at the throats of the fallen Armored Buffalo .

The Armored Buffalo cried for the last time as their movements stopped .

“”Defeated~!””

Allen and Elena run back with smiles as if saying “we defeated it,” but… —

“Allen! Elena!”

“”Uniyu?””

“The way you fought just now was way too dangerous!”

“”Dangerous~?””

I immediately warned the two upon their return . But, the two looked at me with incomprehension written on their faces .

“If you miscalculated the direction of the falling Armored Buffalo, they could have fallen right onto you two, you know!?”

“”N~?””

I explained them the worst case scenario, but the two seemingly didn’t understand me .

But, because the two Armored Buffalo were defeated, the others took battle-ready postures, so I have to leave this conversation for later .

“First of all, hand-to-hand combat is prohibited for today . We will defeat them with magic!”

“”Got it~!””

Telling the two to not use the same method again, we confronted the rest of the Armored Buffalo .

“Water Cutter . ”

Taking the lead, I aimed a blade of water at the Armored Buffalo’s neck .

“… Huh?”

“”Oh~! So cool~!!””

The blade of water splendidly cut the Armored Buffalo’s head off .

As expected, I was startled by the sharpness of my attack, but Allen and Elena were extremely pleased .

“Allen will do it too~! — Water Cutter~”

“Elena too~! — Water Cutter~”

The two immediately fired the same magic and defeated the Armored Buffalo one after another .

“”Ah!””

And then, in the blink of an eye, the rest of the Armored Buffalo were defeated .

Allen and Elena became too absorbed, so when they finished, they looked at my face and smiled “Tehe . ”

“”Defeated them~””

“Indeed, you defeated them all . ”

“”Ehehe~ sorry~””

“Oh well . Will you let Oniichan do his best the next time?

“”Un, got it~!””

In the end, I defeated only one animal, but we obtained a great amount of beef of excellent quality, and the two intend to leave the next opportunity to me, so let’s leave it like that .

“Then, shall we collect the Armored Buffalo and return?”

“”Yeah . ””




Chapter 148

“Eh, Takumi-san!? We, weren’t you too fast? D, did you perhaps abandon the request!?”

When we returned to the Adventurer’s Guild after collecting the Armored Buffaloes, Mikina-san who noticed us exclaimed in surprise .

Because we apparently returned in a way short time, she misunderstood that we weren’t able to defeat the Armored Buffaloes .

“My, my! Takumi-san, I am so glad you are fast at work~”

“Eh? Ehh!?”

Keimi-san who noticed us too approached, but she showed a different reaction from Mikina-san .

“”Defeated, you know~!””

Allen and Elena informed the shook up Mikina-san that we have safely defeated the Armored Buffaloes .

“I, is that so?”

“Yup!”

“Fifteen animals!”

“Eh!? Fi, fifteen, is it!? You defeated that many in such a short time?”

“”Yea~”

Although bewildered, Mikina-san still spoke with Allen and Elena politely .

“Hahaha~”

“Oh my!”

Finding their exchange warming, laughter unconsciously spilled from my mouth .

Keimi-san also watched over the three .

“H, hey! Okaasan and Takumi-san too, you are terrible for laughing at me!”

The face of Mikina-san who noticed us laughing turned bright red .

“My, isn’t it fine? Rather than that, Mikina . Finish the procedures of the request first please . ”

“…… Yeess . ”

Mikina-san pouted her cheeks at Keimi-san a little, but she obediently started the procedures .

She is, umm… about sixteen years old? She would be a senior high school student in Japan . When I consider that, I find her behavior and speech excessively charming .

“By the way, Takumi-san . The children said there were fifteen Armored Buffaloes, but how many of them are you willing to hand over to us?”

“Let’s see… how about ten?”

Would be five too much for us to eat? Is what I thought, but I wanted to have some surplus, so I decided to sell off ten of them .

“Oh my, are you fine with that many? Of course, we will gladly take them!”

But, Keimi-san did not seem any problems with ten animals as she said with a pleased expression .

“Also, may I ask you to dismantle the remaining amount?”

“Sure, sure . Do you want to dismantle all five? If that’s the case then we won’t be able to have it ready immediately, so you would have to come to pick them up tomorrow?”

“I’m fine with tha—”

“”Ehh~! Want to eat meat~!””

I decided to request dismantling of our part of the Armored Buffaloes while at it . Because we receive dismantling free of charge, I thought it would be better to have professionals do it .

There were too many, so when I decided to pick them up tomorrow, Allen and Elena strongly opposed it .

They are saying that because they want to eat the Armored Buffaloes immediately, tomorrow is too late .

“… Would it be possible to have one dismantled right away?”

“Fufu, of course . We will take them in immediately, can I ask you to put them into the dismantling room?”

That being the case, we moved to the dismantling room .

“Gajeel-san, I would like to request a quick dismantling~”

“Ou, Keimi? I am free, so there’s no problem… n? You are… the lad who brought the Orc General and many Orcs, right? What did you bring me this time?”

The staff in charge of the dismantling was a middle-aged man—Gajeel-san . He remembers us just from seeing our faces one time . Well, I did bring a large number of Orcs with me, so I naturally left some kind of an impression, didn’t I~

Of course, at that time, he realized that I can use Infinite Storage, but… has it been settled that I have brought lots of monsters today as well? … Why?

“Fufu . Gajeel-san, you are going to enjoy it after seeing it . ”

Keimi-san came to keep watch, so abiding by her instructions, I retrieved the Armored Buffaloes from the Infinite Storage .

“Ohh~ that is some magnificent Armored Buffalo! Still, what is this about? Hasn’t its neck been cut off!”

Gajeel-san exclaimed in surprise after seeing the Armored Buffalo .

“Oh my, truly . The sturdy skin on its neck has been cleanly cut through . As expected of Takumi-san . However, Gajeel-san, it’s still too early to be surprised . ”

“What do you mean?”

“Now, now, Takumi-san! Take them all with a bang please!”

“”Bang~♪””

“……”

With a bang she said… Allen and Elena are jumping up and down cheerfully .

“Come on, come on, quickly . ”

“… Roger that . ”

Being urged by Keimi-san again, I took out all Armored Buffaloes this time .

“Ohh~!?”

Gajeel-san opened his eyes wide and exclaimed in surprise .

“Allen defeated this one!”

“Elena defeated that one~!”

“This one’s Allen’s!”

“This is Elena’s too~!”

To be honest, I can’t tell who defeated which Armored Buffalo . But, Allen and Elena were pointing at the toppled bodies of the Armored Buffaloes .

“Oyoyoy, what is with this number! You said it as a joke, but there’s seriously so much! Rather, are you saying that these kids defeated some too!?”

“That’s right~ Aren’t they amazing~”

For some reason, Keimi-san seemed to be boasting .

“Amazing is amazing, but… there’s no need for you to be boasting about it, no?”

Gajeel-san was thinking the same thing as me .

“Gee~ you are such a party pooper, Gajeel-san~”

“I don’t go to parties! And so, you are fine with dismantling only one immediately?”

“Yes, that’s correct . We bought ten, the rest is Takumi-san’s . They want to take one of the five home today . ”

“”Meat~♪””

Allen and Elena emphasized in between Keimi-san’s breakdown .

“… Oh, I see . Let me get to work, wait for a moment . ”

When Gajeel-san nodded in consent after seeing the buoyant children, he immediately started dismantling one of the Armored Buffaloes .

“It needs to be properly dried out of blood first . Yep, the skin’s luster is good too . ”

“”Ohh~”

He peeled off the skin in no time .

Allen and Elena who were admiring Gajeel-san’s swift operation drew even closer to him as they stared at him work .

“Niichan, it’s fine to bring back only the skin, horns, and meat . Can we dispose of the unusable parts like the internal organs?”

“Eh!? You don’t eat the organs!?”

“What!? You want to eat it!?

I was startled by the words of Gajeel-san who at last started processing the meat .

I thought that maybe eating the organs of the Armored Buffaloes would be harmful to people, but that wasn’t the case when I took a look with Appraisal .

It’s such a waste to not use (eat) for yakiniku! Too wasteful!

“Takumi-san, you are saying that it’s safe to eat the organs?”

Keimi-san asked half-convincingly .

“I have never eaten Armored Buffalo before, but I often ate animals of the same biological family . It’s delicious, you know?”

“Hee~ I would like to try eating that by all means then . ”

Keimi-san made a somewhat scheming face—

“Say, Gajeel, the guild throws away the organs of the purchased Armored Buffaloes, right?”

“According to the tradition, yes . ”

“Then, there wouldn’t be a problem if we tried eating it, no?”

“… Ah? Yeah, that’s right, wouldn’t it be fine if the Guild Master gives his permission?”

“Oh my, then it will be fine . ”

She began making plans after I said that the organs can be eaten .

Moreover, because the Guild Master is her husband, she will surely get a permission .

“Ahh, it would be better to ask for permission from you too, right? Do you mind, Takumi-san?”

“Ah, I don’t . You can do as you please with the share the guild has bought . ”

“Thank you! And so, how do you cook it?”

“Eh? Err…”

Come to think of it, I only bought what they had at supermarkets and never dealt with organs aside from that~

“First of all, you wash them in lots of water to make them clean, and then give them a salt rub? If they stink, you boil them together with herbs and I think they should be fine to eat after cooked thoroughly, but… I am sorry, even though I ate it before, I did not handle them so much, so I am not confident to say that ‘this’ is the correct way . ”

I don’t think my way is wrong, but I decided to convey that I am not certain .

“Is that so? I got it . I will have our guild’s chefs to try various things then . ”

“Also, they spoil fast, so please be careful . ”

“Understood, I will pay attention . ”

We have never been there, but the guild has a bar-room . Keimi-san is apparently going to employ those people .

“Here, I am done . ”

“Thank you very much . ”

In the meantime, Gajeel-san finished dismantling . Pros work so fast!

“Well then, Takumi-san . You will come to pick up the rest tomorrow, right?”

“Yes . I have not decided on the time yet, but…”

“You can come anytime . Then, would you mind leaving the payment for the Armored Buffaloes for tomorrow?”

“I don’t mind . ”

“Then, I will prepare it by tomorrow . Takumi-san, thank you very much for today . ”

“No, I am glad I could be of help . ”

After collecting the materials of the dismantled Armored Buffalo into my Infinite Storage, I decided to return straight to the Ruven House .




Chapter 149

When we returned to the Ruven family’s house, Rebecca-san immediately ran over to us .

“Welcome back~”

“W, we are home . ”

“”Home~””

I was slightly startled by Rebecca-san who seriously appeared at the entrance right away, but Allen and Elena cheerfully embraced her .

“Fufu, do you have any injuries, you two?”

“”None!””

“I see, I am glad to hear that~”

The children really got attached to Rebecca-san~

Their shyness of strangers has also recently deceased . Well, only with the premise that their opponent has no negative feelings towards them, but… being wary like this might be better in such cases .

“By the way! I was waiting for your return, Takumi-san!”

“Eh? Did something happen?”

“Fufufu~ Let’s leave the fun for later♪ First, you need to take a bath, right? Now then, quickly go and refresh yourselves!”

“Eh? Ehh!?”

While confused, we were pushed by the servants instructed by Rebecca-san who didn’t take any questions into the bathroom .

Well, although I can clean us with ‘Washing’, I have been thinking of wanting to take a bath after returning, so I decided to obediently take a bath first .

“Whoa!? Eh, what on Earth is this…?”

And then, when we finished bathing, our change of clothes got switched .

A servant did call us that they brought the towels… they must have, without a doubt, switched the clothes just then, no?

Anyway, when we picked up the new change of clothes—

“Mimi!”

“Pipi!”

They were onesies made from a soft and fluffy fabric . With hoods and naturally decorated with ears as well .

“Yeah, these are bunnies . ”

They looked just like our contracted Pastel Rabbits Mimi and Pipi . The light blue was Allen’s while the pink one was Elena’s . Even mittens and slippers made of the same fabric were prepared .

“………… The problem is this one . ”

There was one more thing . Obviously adult-sized, black onesie .

When I timidly confirmed, the bunny ears were attached to the hood just as I feared .

“”Matching~!””

“……”

While Allen and Elena raised their voices in delight, I hung my head down in dejection .

No need to guess, does she want me to wear this?

I don’t know what fabric this was made from, but it’s very warm on touch .

However! She wants an adult, moreover a man like me to wear this!?

Nonono! It’s not just a little resistance I feel!

As expected, I had no courage to wear the onesie, so after taking out different clothes from the ‘Infinite Storage’, I helped the children who were feeling down because we weren’t matching anymore, change .

“”So warm~””

After changing the twins into the fluffy onesies and leaving the dressing room, a servant who was waiting for us took us to Rebecca-san .

]

“Oh my, oh my, how nice, how nice♪ You two look so adorable~”

“”Ehehe~””

Rebecca-san greatly praised Allen and Elena’s appearances .

The twins smiled bashfully after getting praised .

“Oh my, you didn’t wear yours, Takumi-san?”

Then, Rebecca-san who directed her gaze towards me looked extremely disappointed .

“Well~ that was a little bit…”

“I thought it would suit you though?”

Suit me… I don’t think whether it would suit me or not is the problem here though…

“I am sorry . ”

“Gee, it cannot be helped then~”

When I apologized while looking away, Rebecca-san sighed unnaturally .

“Nevertheless, weren’t they made too fast? This is what you ordered when we went to the town together, right?”

“Fufu, I wanted you to wear it quickly, so I had them make it hastily . ”

I thought it was made quite fast, but it looks that it was made in a great hurry .

“Now, now, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, I have many more, would you change your clothes for me?”

Moreover, it seems that not only the three were made in a haste .

At Rebecca-san’s signal, several clothes had been carried in .

“Let’s see~ Could you change into these next?”

“”What is it~?””

The thing which Rebecca-san picked was clothing in different shades of gray .

“You have to look forward to it when you wear it . Will you two let me see?”

“”Yup!””

“Yes, this one is Takumi-san’s . ”

“Ehh!? You have one of these for me as well!?”

The dark gray clothes Rebecca-san handed over were child-sized . The lighter gray one was adult-sized .

Just when I thought Allen and Elena had different colors again, the two had the exact same colors this time .

And, of course, the essential hood with cat ears was attached to it… naturally, to the adult-sized one as well .

“I mean, the children are delighted when you are all matching, right?”

“”Matching~♪””

“……”

Rebecca-san and the children showed whole-faced smiles .

I thought she has given up before, but… it seems that I have been wrong .

“Are you sure this one is not Wald-sama’s?”

“It’s fine! There’s one for Wald too!”

“Eh? Really?”

“Of course!”

The same one was apparently made for Wald-sama too . A red one at that!

“Onii~ chan! Allen will wear this~!”

“Elena will change too~!”

Allen and Elena held the cat onesies in their bosoms, jumping up and down happily .

“I got it, I got it . Come here . ”

“”Yaay~””

I immediately changed Allen and Elena from the bunny onesies to cat onesies .

“”How is it? How is it?””

“Fufu, it suits you two really well~”

When Allen and Elena finished changing, they started turning around to show it .

“”Ehehe~ Obaasama~ we finished~?””

“Good question! In fact, I have more!”

When Allen and Elena asked, Rebecca-san started unveiling more clothes one after another with a smile . Bird and sheep, she even had an imitation of a dragon .

“W, wait a moment . Just how many do you have!? Eh? I mean, didn’t you order just three that time? Why is there five!!”

Although there weren’t any adult-sized, she took out more after the three, moreover, she even had stuffed toys and mufflers .

“I had too much fun while ordering♪”

“… I am glad if you have enjoyed yourself . However, I am going to feel bad if you spent so much on us . ”

“My, it’s fine . My husband is not someone who would complain after spending just this much . Rather, he was looking forward to it, so I think he will come to take a look later . ”

Is this really fine? But still, to pay them back the money would be a little~

Right, let’s pay back in a different way next time .

“”Will show to Ojiisama~!””

“Fufu, he will be delighted if you charge into his embrace~”

“”Charge~!””

While I was pondering, Rebecca-san planned the course of actions when Matias-san returned .

First of all, I cautioned the two to not jump at him with all of their might .




Chapter 150

“”Unya~~~♪””

“Ohh?”

Before long, when Matias-san entered the room, Allen and Elena were quick to take action and jumped at Matthias-san .

“Ohh, aren’t you two lovely kittens~”

Matias-san who was suddenly hugged by the two was surprised and praised Allen and Elena’s appearances .

As for me, I was watching while feeling nervous that Matias-san would get blown away by the twins, but I feel relieved that it ended well .

“So, what kind of adventure were you on today, my kittens?”

“”N, you see~””

When Matias-san asked about what they were doing today, the two showed a bit troubled gestures .

“You see~ we picked mushrooms~”

“Mushrooms? They are the flavor of the season, aren’t they?”

“And then~ we made friends with birds~”

“You became friends with birds? That’s amazing . ”

“”And then~””

“And then?”

“”Cows~!!””

“N? Cows?”

“”Defeated~””

“You defeated them?”

“”Yea!””

Then, Allen and Elena described the events to Matthias-san one after another .

Matthias-san threw in appropriate words for the conversation as he listened to the twins .

“Armored~”

“Buffalo~”

“Nn!? D, did you just say Armored Buffalo!?”

“Yea, got lots of meat~”

“Let’s eat together~”

When Allen and Elena guessed that Matthias-san had some questions about the “cows,” they informed him about the Armored Buffaloes and invited him to eat the meat together .

“Oh my, Takumi-san, is what the two are saying the truth?”

“It is . I was thinking of making it for the dinner tonight, but would I be in time?”

“I don’t think there would be a problem…”

“True, I think it will be fine . ”

“”Meat~♪””

“As you can see… the two are looking forward to it very much…”

Lured by my glance at Allen and Elena, Mathias-san and Rebecca-san turned their gazes towards the two as well .

“My, my . But, isn’t the meat of Armored Buffalo a high-quality article? Did you not sell it to the Guild?”

“I did . However, we defeated several, so we kept some of it for ourselves . ”

“Is that so? That’s amazing~”

I did not say precisely how many we sold, but even so, Rebecca-san exclaimed in admiration .

“By the way, do you plan on cooking yourself?”

“No, I thought of eating a common steak, so I thought of asking the chefs to prepare it . ”

First, I would like to taste it simply with salt and pepper after all . It would be better to leave it to the chefs then .

“Have you called for me?”

“Ah, Barry . Sorry for calling you at this busy time . ”

“No, we began the preparations a little earlier today, so there are no problems . Rather than that Matthias-sama, did something happen? Do you have requests for today’s dinner?”

“It’s actually just like that . Although I say that, it’s the children’s request . ”

Matthias-san immediately called over the Head Chef of the mansion .

The Head Chef seemed to understand Matthias-san’s meaning behind his summons .

“Oh my, was that so? Would Allen-sama and Elena-sama tell this Barry what you would like to eat too?”

“”Yup, you see~ Armored Buffalo!””

“Eh? … Eh? Ehh!? Did you just say Armored Buffalo!?”

The Head Chef—Barry-san opened his eyes wide and looked at me, seeking the answer .

“Yeah, that’s correct . ”

“Truly!

“I wanted to give you the meat to grill, but……… are you listening?”

Barry-san’s thoughts seemed to go somewhere as he stood in place blankly .

Why? I could understand this reaction if it was something like dragon meat, but isn’t his reaction too exaggerated for the meat of a B-ranked Armored Buffalo?

In cases like this, it’s better to quickly hand over the meat, no?

I am thinking that a sirloin would be the best for a steak .

“Then, I will leave this with you . ”

I also handed him a basket with various kinds of mushrooms .

“Wa, wait!? Takumi-sama, t, this is!”

While panicking a little, Barry-san pointed at the mushrooms in the basket .

Apparently, he noticed the three-colored truffles that were mixed among the seasonal mushrooms . Even though it should be hiding under the other mushrooms, how sharp-sighted~

“A, a Crimson Truffle!? Nono, Black, and White are plentily incredible too!? Crimson Truffles aren’t something that you can casually hand over, you know!? Why are you trying to hand it over to me as if it’s nothing!!”

Barry-san who entered a lecturing mode told me over and over how precious truffles are .

When I turned around to seek help from Matthias-san, he returned me a gaze that was saying ‘You are in the wrong . ’

After about ten minutes of lecturing later, Matthias-san finally told Barry-san “Shouldn’t you be making the preparations soon?”, so he returned to the kitchen with Armored Buffalo meat and a basket of mushrooms .

I wanted you to say that a little earlier .

— Then, at the dinner .

“Sorry, for having to treat us too . ”

“No, please don’t be reserved . ”

“How unfortunate for Wald~ To be on duty today . He will feel bitter later when we tell him about it~”

“Nono, Rebecca . It’s Wald you are talking about, won’t he press Takumi-kun later to treat him as well? I think I feel sorry for Takumi-kun . ”

“Haha . Well, there’s still plenty of meat which I handed to Barry-san left, there’s plenty of leftovers . Now then, let’s eat before it gets cold . ”

Anticipating the actions of their son, the Ruven couple made apologetic expressions, but I urged them to eat the steak to calm them down .

“Indeed~ The children are making ‘Not yet?’ faces anyway . ”

“My, my, you are right . Then, let’s eat . ”

“”Let’s eat~!!””

Allen and Elena who were waiting for the signal stuffed their cheeks full of the Armored Buffalo steak .

“”Wau~~~””

After the two let out voices of astonishment, they started earnestly eating . But, while they were stuffing their cheeks, they weren’t swallowing it whole .

“My, my, looks very delicious . ”

“That seems to be the case . Then, shall we eat too?”

“Indeed . ”

We tried the steak too .

“My!”

“Ou!”

“Ohh!”

Not only me, but even Rebecca-san and Matthias-san let out voices of astonishment because of the undisputed deliciousness .

It was much more delicious than the meat of the similarly B-ranked Orc General . It was much tender than the meat of the similarly B-ranked Silver Python too .

Anyhow, this Armored Buffalo meat was profoundly tasty .

To think a simple salt and pepper steak would have such flavors! It must be even more delicious with garlic or onion sauce . Wasabi sounds good too, but I have unfortunately not discovered Wasabi yet~ Would I find it growing in the wild near clear water?

Also, Sukiyaki, hamburger, beef stew… it would be definitely delicious in various preparations!

I ate everything on my plate in the blink of an eye while having various thoughts . Everyone was the same, so we asked for seconds, but we had the same results .




Chapter 151

The next day, we visited the Adventurer’s Guild as promised and after receiving the reward and materials from the remaining four Armored Buffaloes, we decided to take a stroll around the town .

And then, I smelled the scent of curry from somewhere .

“”It’s curry~!””

Allen and Elena recognized it too as they were sniffing fragrance with their noses .

“It smells really nice . Do you want to stop by?”

“”Yea!””

Allen and Elena greatly approved of my proposal, so we immediately went to the Fiji Company .

“”There~!””

When the building of the company came in sight, Allen and Elena pointed at the street stall before it .

A queue formed in front of the stall and the surroundings were filled with a great number of onlooking people .

“Yeah, that’s certainly it . So many people are here too . Now then, what are they selling?”

“N~ you see, meat~!”

“N~ soup~?”

Each apparently had different expectations from the stall as Allen expected curry-flavored meat and Elena curry-flavored soup .

“N~… are those meat skewers?”

“Yaay~”

“Au~”

Allen was delighted from his correct guess while Elena felt disappointed by her miss, both showed the extreme sides of reactions .

“What do you want to do? We would have to line-up for a bit, but would you like to try them?”

“”Will eat~””

That being the case, when we were about to move to the end of the queue—

“Huh, aren’t you President’s Guest-sama? Moreover, the powder curry’s? Eh? Ehh? Y, you are lining up? Nono, we cannot have you line up, can we?”

The employee who was guiding people at the end of the queue recognized us and blocked us from lining up .

“”Cannot~?””

“The children wanted to it, but we cannot enter the queue?”

“Nono, I didn’t mean it like that! Even if you had to line up, it would be in the priority queue!”

“Eh? Is that favoritism?”

“Nono, it’s a priority! Moreover, the maximum priority!”

Apparently, due to the arrangements of the Fiji Company’s president Stefan, we have been designated as the maximum priority guests, and were shown into the shop . Moreover, the employees in charge of the end of the queue even switched with each other .

“As expected, I cannot take you to the front, so I will bring it from the back . How many would you like?”

I see, like this, they won’t anger the lined up customers while still giving us the top priority .

Then, I don’t have to worry about anything, do I?

“Then, I will ask for three please . ”

“Yes, wait a moment please . ”

The employee went back to the stall and called to the person grilling the skewers .

“Thank you for waiting . ”

The employee really returned in a moment .

“Thank you very much . Err, how much is it?”

“Nono, we would really like to hear your’ impressions, so there’s no need to pay . ”

“Eh?”

While still clogged up by the employee’s words, Allen and Elena already received the skewers from him .

“”Can eat~?””

The two sought the permission to eat while looking at me with puppy eyes .

“… Ah, yes, go ahead . ”

“”Thank you~””

When I nodded, they immediately stuffed their cheeks .

“How is the taste?”

“”Delish~””

“Is that so, I am glad to hear that . Guest too, please try it by all means . ”

“Yes, I shall . ”

The employee encouraged me to eat, so I tried the meat skewer .

The meat is… Horn Rabbit, I think? Moreover, the ratio of salt and curry seems to be exquisite .

“Yeah, it’s delicious . ”

“R, really?”

He wasn’t saying anything, but his eyes were asking me “How is it? How is it?” so when I told him my impressions, the employee’s expression obviously cheered up .

“I meant it . You have not used too much curry powder, so it’s not overpowering . ”

“If Guest-sama says so then—”

“Ta, Takumi-dono, you have come!!”

“Pr, president!?”

In the midst of the employee’s words, Stefan-san who was out of breath rushed over . Moreover, while he was running, I could even hear some noises coming from his direction .

“Stefan-san, if you have a business with me than I could wait, you don’t have to be in such a hurry . Besides, we came today only by a chance, you should have just invited me over like before, you know?”

“Nono, it was urgent the last time so I had invited you, but I cannot do that every time!”

“Eh, is that so?”

“That is so!”

It’s apparently like that .

“So, I don’t have to guess that you wanted to talk about the curry powder?”

“Yes, exactly! To start selling the curry powder, we opened a street stall just as you suggested, Takumi-dono . At first, the familiarity with the curry was too low just as we thought and we didn’t sell too much . However! The sales have dramatically increased after we opened the stall . ”

The sales of the curry powder have apparently steadily raised after they opened the stall .

Foreseeing that and opening the stall was a really good move .

“Well, it’s only given after seeing that queue~ As I thought, the best-seller must be the curry salt, not the curry powder, right?”

“Eh? Did you say curry salt?”

Stefan-san looked at me in wonder .

“Huh? The skewers you are selling at the stall had salt mixed in with the curry powder, no?”

“Yes, that is correct, but…”

“You are not selling that? You could easily season with one of those, so putting them in small containers and selling them as camping or traveling goods would work well, I think…”

“Now that you say it! Of all people, how could I miss something that was right under my eyes!! Oh? So that means, other seasonings besides the curry powder could be mixed with salt?”

“……… Oh my?”

It seems that they weren’t selling the curry salt . Moreover, things like spice salt apparently don’t exist either .

Well, with such simple blends, Knights and adventurers will have easier time cooking while camping outside .

“Takumi-dono, might I make use of that idea of yours? Of course, we will handle it in the same matter we handled the curry powder and definitely won’t make Takumi-dono lose out!”

“Yes, I don’t mind . Also, if possible, I have a few salts I would like to have made, may I ask you for it?”

“Ohh! That is a request I am grateful for! Please let me hear about it by all means!”

That being the case, it was not only the newly created curry salt that was sold, but even garlic salt, lemon salt, and herbal salt became part of the “Simple Salt Series” that began their sales .

To think such simple seasonings would have such a big impact .

Truth to be told, I wanted a matcha salt the most, but… I have no matcha~ Far from matcha, I have not even seen a green tea before . Ah, but green tea leaves should look the same as black tea leaves, so it’s possible that specialist shops like that of Russel-san have them .

The last time, there were so many kinds I didn’t have time to look around . Let’s take a look slowly and carefully the next time .




Chapter 152

“Ah, yes, Stefan-san . Do you also sell magic tools here?”

“If am afraid to say that this store doesn’t sell them, but our company has a contract with magic tool craftsmen, so I could introduce you to that store . You are an adventurer, aren’t you, Takumi-dono? Do you need magic tools for that?”

“No, if I had to say, then I need a magic tools for cooking…”

Right, I want magic tools for cooking .

A mixer, a hand mixer, juice mixer, and also a meat grinder . Anyhow, I need something that will allow me to prepare the ingredients finely and mix them together .

Currently, I am doing it myself in my free time, but to do it when I like, a magic tool would be much more convenient .

I have not seen a magic tool like that on sale before, so I thought of having it made . Therefore, I would be happy to get introduced to some magic tool craftsmen .

“I see, I see . In that case, your affinity with the magic tool craftsman contracted by our company might be good . ”

“N? Is the magic tool craftsman an occupation with various specializations?”

“Well, they are not necessarily limited by specializations, but they have tendencies to be good at making different things . ”

Certainly . There are many tools I have on me like the barrier stones, a portable cooking stove, ignite beads, and mermaid bracelets . There are many kinds of magic tools, aren’t there~ It might be difficult for the craftsmen to be able to make everything .

I don’t know whether that person will be able to make the tools I need, but I would like to ask, at least .

“Could you please introduce that magic tool craftsman’s store to me?”

“Yes, of course . ”

“Thank you very much . ”

We left towards the magic tool craftsman stotre introduced by Stefan-san without a delay, however—

“Uh-oh… is this it?”

“”Here~?””

The place indicated on the map was in the back alley of the shopping district, it was a store that scored perfect on the worn-out, suspicious scale .

“Is this really the place?”

It’s a magic tool craftsman the Fiji Company has a contract with, so I selfishly thought they would be running a more respectable-looking store, so I was startled for a little .

“”Going in? Going in?””

For some reason, Allen and Elena were making excited expressions .

Does it perhaps feel like a haunted house for the two?

“Indeed . Let’s go enter . ”

“”Yeah!””

“Excuse~ me- n? —-N?”

“””Huhh~?””

When entering the store, I had an unpleasant feeling .

“… A barrier?”

Apparently, this store has a barrier of some kind cast over it . It had a similar feeling to the barrier spread around the Mermaid village, so I immediately noticed .

Looking over the store one more time, I was startled in a different kind of way .

“Pretty~?”

“Many~?”

“Now this was unexpected . ”

Unlike the outward appearances, the interior of the store was very beautiful, moreover, it was crowded with magic tools lined up next to each other .

No, were the outward appearances perhaps just the result of the barrier?

“Oh my, my, it’s rare for this store to have customers . ”

“Ah, sorry for intruding . ”

An elder with a cane appeared from inside the store . Is he the shopkeeper here?

“Are you the shopkeeper here? This store has been introduced by Fiji Company’s Stefan-san to me . ”

“By Stefan? How unusual for him to introduce someone to me . ”

“Is that so?”

“There are two kinds of stores Stefan recommends to other . Stores he introduces merely for formality’s sake and stores he introduces to considerable guests of honor . The people he introduces to this store are those he is pleased with or absolutely doesn’t want to offend . ”

Pleased with? Doesn’t want to offend? Which am I?

If I had to choose, I would prefer the former?

“Still, you did good entering without turning back . ”

“Well, I did think the store looked suspicious though…”

“”Looks fun~♪””

“The children were eager to enter… besides, the store was introduced to me . So that means, as I thought, you were using a magic tool to make the store look like that on purpose . ”

“Fuo, fuo, fuo . You even noticed the barrier? You are quite good~ I see, I see, I see why Stefan likes you . I am pleased with you as well . ”

Apparently, I somehow managed to earn the old man’s favor .

“Now then, now then, what kind of magic tool is that you want?”

“Err, it’s a cooking tool . Something like one with a rotating blade that would finely mince the ingredients?”

“You want something strange . I recall making something like that in the past…”

“You have it!?”

“I sure made it, but it never sold, I think . ”

He apparently has a mixer-like magic tool . Rather, he’s biding mixers with something strange .

“Let me take a look, you guys wait here . ”

“Yes . Err, can we take a look at the magic tools here?”

“Sure . Go ahead . ”

Grandpa went to look for the magic tool in the inner part of the store, so we decided to take a look at the magic tools that were on display .

“”Onii~ chan, what’s this~?””

“N? This looks like a light magic tool . ”

“”Light~? And this one~?””

“This is a magic tool to start a fire . This one looks like a barrier stone? Somehow, there are many tools that adventurers would use, aren’t there~”

There were many magic tools the adventurers would use such as magic bags, water bottles, and even a single button press tents on the shelf we were looking at .

“Adventurers~”

“Need them~?”

“Hm? It’s not like they really need them, but they are convenient tools to have . ”

“Does Onii~ chan have~?”

“How about Allen and Elena~?”

When I told them that they are magic tools that adventurers use, Allen and Elena were curious whether we also have them .

“We have most of them . You guys also have ignite beads and water bottles in your magic bags, right?”

“”Ohh~””

When I told Allen and Elena that they have some things too, although not completely same, the two let out voices of admiration .

The two has never used the things in their magic bag, so they seem to have forgotten about it .

“Look, I found it . ”

When the two nodded in understanding, the old man returned .

“When you do this like this, this blade rotates like this…”

“Ohh!”

When the old man brought the thing and placed it on the table while explaining, I realized that it was closer to a mixer than I thought .

“It seems that you are satisfied with it . ”

“Yes, I really wanted this . ”

“I see, I see . By the way, I also have this one for juicy ingredients . ”

“!”

The old man even prepared something that resembled a juice mixer .

“I want this as well . ”

I replied the moment I saw it .

“At least look a little bit troubled . You are too brave . Recently, there were many fellows who tried finding faults with my products, but you, how do I say it… you are too honest . Seems like there are more tools you want? Tell me in detail . If I have nothing resembling it, I will make it for you . ”

“Thank you very much . ”

I was shaken up by the words “honest” but I decided to accept the old man’s offer and requested him to make me a hand mixer and a meat grinder .




Chapter 153

When we strolled around the town after leaving from the magic tool store—

“Takumi-san, please give me food!”

We encountered a red-haired woman—the Vampire Vivian .

Moreover, she solicited food the moment she met us .

“… Vivian, look here~”

First, we met at the Bailey Town near the sea, then we met in the city of Alveil, so this meeting will make it the third one, but… she’s frightfully intimate .

Nevertheless, this is too frightening for a coincidence . I could still understand if it was in the same one town, but for it to happen in three different towns~

“This time, I will compensate you with this!”

“……”

Unmindful of my uneasiness, Vivian took out something and flaunted it before me .

Does she think that I will give her food anytime as long as she compensates me?

＝＝＝＝＝

【Blessing of the Forest’s Fresh Verdure】

Vampire special-made hair growth agent .

If properly spread and rubbed onto the head before sleeping, you will be bushy in the morning!

Affects only the head . Has no effects even if spread by mistake on other places .

＝＝＝＝＝

“……”

When I appraised what Vivian took out, I was at a loss for words .

Why a hair growth agent!? Eh? There’s nothing strange going on top of my head, right? I don’t need to use this, do I?

“You might not need it, Takumi-san, but there are many people who do, you know? If you present this to people with losing hair, they will definitely bite! You won’t be at a disadvantage by having this on hand!!”

“……… Certainly . ”

I felt relieved by hearing Vivian’s words and on top of that, I ended up agreeing with her without thinking .

“By agreeing with me, you have acknowledged my request, right! Well then, well then, please give me food!”

“……”

Do I get on the negotiations obediently…?

Although I don’t need it now, in the future… I might really need it in the future!

Besides, what Vivian said is true as there are surely many people who would want this hair growth agent . That being the case, I might be able to negotiate for some high-class ingredients with this .

Yeah, I won’t be at a disadvantage by having it!

“What do you want to eat, Vivian?”

When I asked if she has any requests, Vivian’s expression was clearly plastered with delight .

“Yaay~♪ I am fine with anything! Ah, but if possible, I would like something I have never eaten before!”

Anyhow, I can’t let Vivian eat here, so I thought about what to feed her while walking .

Something she has not eaten before, huh~ Err, what I let Vivian eat until now was… Onigiri, miso soup, crocodilian meat saute, and sweet buns? In that case—

“Then, how about this?”

There was space to rest on the benches, so I took out a pre-made Katsudon from my Infinite Storage and handed it over to Vivian .

Vivian seemed to like White Wheat quite a lot, so Tonkatsu should clear her conditions of “never eaten before” as well . I should give her Dorayaki with it too~

“Ohh~ This looks very delicious! Well then, let’s dig in at once!”

When Vivian received the Katsudon, she retrieved a spoon from her own bag, and started bolting down the food .

“… This is! Bery delishhh~”

Vivian opened her eyes wide while chewing .

She finished it in the blink of an eye and moved onto the Dorayaki .

“Ohh~! This is also yummy . ”

She promptly finished one of the three pieces of Dorayaki I gave her and she soon moved onto the second one .

“Onii~ chan, Allen wants to eat too~”

“Elena wants to eat too~”

It seems that Allen and Elena got hungry from seeing Vivian go “Delicious, so yummy” while eating the Dorayaki . It was just the right time for a snack, so when I gave the two Dorayaki as well, they immediately bit into it .

“My~ it really was delicious~”

“”Yummy~””

“By the way, what was this called?”

“”Dorayaki~””

“Hoeh~ Dorayaki, is it~ Err, what was it called again? Anpan? It was similar to that, but it didn’t have a bread-ish husk, and I prefer this sweet husk much more~ What was it… cream bread? Doesn’t it look like cream bread’s filling would also go well with this one?”

“”Ohh~””

“Umm, would it be called Cream Dorayaki, perhaps? Takumi-san, tell me, did you not actually make it already:”

“”Did you~?””

The children have completely hit it off with Vivian and the three looked at me expectantly .

To think of Cream Dorayaki, Vivian is quite good herself~ but—

“Unfortunately, I did think about it, but have not tried making it just yet . ”

“Why have you not made it yet!?”

“”Au~…””

Even if you ask me why~ If I had to say then I thought that I could make it at any point in time so I delayed it off instead? I thought I made a failure when I saw Allen and Elena so disheartened, so I should make it when I am free .

“Ahh, that reminds me, Vivian . Do you still have the medicine you gave me the last time?”

At times like this, nothing is better than changing the topic . I decided to bring up the matter of medicine to Vivian .

“Oh? The energy agent?”

“Not that one! The nutrient one! The one you feed to unconscious people!”

“… What~”

“What are you looking so deplorable for! Haah… I used it all up, so I would like some more if possible…”

“You mean ‘Enerunrun♪’ right? Wait for just a mo~ment please~”

Successfully changing the subject, Vivian rummaged through her bag .

I have used Enerunrun♪ on the Crown Princess Miranda-sama in order to maintain her life force during the designated request in the Argo Country, so I have nothing left at hand . But, it looked useful, so I would like to get my hands on it again if possible . ***

I remember Vivian saying that it was “a spare medicine” when she gave it to me before, so now that I met her, I have to confirm because there’s nothing to lose!

“There, there it is . Err, I have only five of them on me at the moment, is that fine with you?”

“Yeah, I just want to have some on me, so it’s plenty . ”

Apparently, Vivian did have Enerunrun♪ on her .

“May I have them please?”

“I don’t mind~ I can make it anytime as long as I have the ingredients~”

“I see . Then, how much do you want for it?”

“N~? How much?”

“Nono, even if you ask me…”

As expected, far from knowing the reasonable price I don’t even know the rough estimation~

“I am fine even with a more or less unfair price, so just charge me whatever, Vivian . ”

“Erm… then, ten Dorayaki!”

Even though I told her to make up the price, she didn’t demand money .

Moreover, ten Dorayaki for one nutrient supplement… is she fine with that?

“That would be too cheap, you know?”

“Then, add ten Cream Dorayaki to that! Now, Takumi-san, please make them right away!”

… It seems that I wasn’t able to change the topic after all . Moreover, the payment didn’t change from Dorayaki .

“Cream~”

“Dorayaki~”

Allen and Elena looked at me with puppy eyes .

Even though they just ate Dorayaki for the snack~ It might be my fault, but the two grew into gluttons . No, I am also extremely fond of delicious things, so it’s only a natural result that the children were influenced by me .

Now then, Cream Dorayaki, huh~ I have a stock of custard cream, and I can make the Dorayaki pancakes immediately .

“… The problem is where to make it . ”

“Ohh! Leave that to me! I will ask for the inn where I stay to lend us their kitchen!”

“”Yay~””

That being the case, we have moved to the inn Vivian stayed at .




Chapter 154

The inn Vivan was staying at wasn’t far from the place we met her .

But, even though it was an inn Vivan was staying at, it would be difficult to ask them to lend me, a mere visitor their kitchen, so I negotiated with them to lend me a part of the dining hall . That’s because I can make Dorayaki pancakes on the portable cooking stove as long as I have a stable surface .

There weren’t many customers as the time for lunch has already passed and it was still early for the dinner, so the owner gladly agreed .

“Here, it’s done . ”

“Yaay~ Thank you very muuuch . I certainly received it, so here’s your payment~”

When I handed the freshly made Cream Dorayaki and regular Dorayaki to Vivian, she handed me the Enerunrun♪ With this, the transaction is done, but… ——

“Are you really okay with this as a payment?”

“It’s plenty~ I mean, this is not being sold anywhere after all . ”

“Well, that’s certainly true, but… that’s similar to this medicine, no?”

“Nono, although there are only a few circulating around, they are definitely not unobtainable~ ham . ”

I feel that this transaction was way more profitable for me . Vivian said that there’s an added value from the Dorayaki not being purchasable anywhere else, but Enerunrun♪ is a Vampire special-made medicine too, so I feel that its popularity would bring its worth up .

Vivan didn’t seem to mind that at all as she promptly sunk her teeth into the Cream Dorayaki .

“”Au~~~””

Allen and Elena watched the Cream Dorayaki eating Vivian in envy .

“You have just eaten Dorayaki a little while ago, so you each get only a half, alright?”

“”Yeah!””

As expected, I would feel sorry for them if they had to endure with a person eating in front of them, so when I handed each a half of the Cream Dorayaki, the two ate with great joy .

This time, they didn’t stuff their cheeks but ate little by little instead . They looked like little squirrels… so cute, oy .

“Hafuu~ that was delicious . Ah, right, right! Takumi-san . ”

Vivian who quickly finished eating the Cream Dorayaki called out to me .

“N, what is it?”

“Takumi-san, can you make something tasty out of this?”

What Vivian presented to me was a bag stuffed with fingernail-sized yellow grains .

“What is this?”

I didn’t know what it was, so I tried appraising it right away .

“This is!”

It was dried corn . It seems to be called Yellow Millet on Aetherdia though . There are apparently variants of different colors like Black Millet, White Millet, and Red Millet too . They all differ in taste, but I don’t know how much different they are .

“How come you have this, Vivian? I have not seen anyone selling it . ”

“Huhh~? From the way you talk, you seem to have been searching for it~? Just like White Wheat, this is used as fodder for the domestic animals in a few areas~ Well, these were dried though~”

I knew that not only the White Wheat—Rice, was used as fodder on Aetherdia, but…

So it’s restricted to certain regions? Now I can understand why I have not found it yet .

Rather, why is it that domestic animals have such variety of fodder? How mysterious .

“I thought that you might be able to make something tasty out of it just like with the White Wheat~ So I bought it just in case~”

The first thing that comes to mind with dried corn is popcorn . But, I believe that a certain kind of corn is used for that . Different kinds should get burnt when used .

Also… would I be able to make a corn soup if I had the flour?

“It’s unfortunate that it’s not raw . Say, Vivian, can you get it only dry?”

If it was raw, I could fry it on butter and soy sauce, I could add it to pilaf and stew as well, I could even put it into a bread . No, when it comes to bread, I might be able to use the dry ones too?

“N? Not dry, is it~? I think you would be able to get them at the actual place, but I am afraid to say that they are produced on the west side of the Gaya Forest, in the country called the Farce Kingdom~”

The Farce Kingdom, huh~ If we go in a straight line from here, the Guardia Country, through the Gaya Forest and another country, we could reach the Farce Kingdom . It’s too far indeed~

“Are the dry ones obtainable somewhere around here then?”

“There might be a shop that deals with them here in the Capital~”

“I see . I should try looking for one then…”

I have not looked around the stores in the Capital just yet, so I should take a peek after this .

“Rather, Takumi-san . You can keep that~”

“Eh? You sure?”

“Yes~ I won’t be able to use it anyway~ It would be nice if you could treat me with something yummy that was made from that the next time~”

“… If I am able to make use of it, that is . ”

“Yes, that’s fine with me~”

However, even if I manage to make something nice from the Yellow Millet, I can tell when I will come across Vivian again~

Well, although I have not told Vivian that I can use Infinite Storage, she has surely noticed by now, so there shouldn’t be a problem?

“You and I are connected by fate, so you don’t have to worry as we will surely meet again~ Therefore, please be at ease and prepare something tasty for me, okay~”

Err… was I making such obvious expression again? Moreover, for it to be read by that Vivian… I really must be easy to understand~ Should I train my mimetic muscles a little more?

Still… —

“Having my fate tied with yours… I don’t want that though…”

“Ehh~ you are cruel, Takumi-sa~n . ”

I am fine with a light association, but talking about fate and things… it leaves a bad taste in my mouth .

“Now then, we have finished our business, so we should be on our way . ”

“Waa~oh, you are going with this timing~”

“Allen and Elena just finished eating too . ”

“”Was yummy~””

“Huh, my~”

Somehow managing to bid farewell with Vivian who tried to detain us, we who left the inn decided to look around a store that dealt with fodder and manure along the road .

“Yellow Millet? You are looking for something unusual, lad . Err… if I am not mistaken, we should have Black Millet and Red Millet in the stock, but we have never dealt with Yellow Millet before . ”

The store we have visited has never dealt with Yellow Millet, but they apparently had two different kinds . If they had the White Millet too, I would have all kinds of the colored millet, but things didn’t go that smoothly .

Well, there are many stores of this kind in the Capital, so I might be able to find it by looking around .

“Is that so? Can you sell me the Black Millet and Red Millet then? I would like White Wheat if you have it as well . ”

“Thank you for the business! You help us out by buying the Millet, so I will sell it to you cheap! Also, the White White? We have just restocked, so buy as much as you need!”

I decided to buy the Black Millet and Red Millet at once and also made an additional purchase of White Wheat while I was here . We have recently increased the amount of White Wheat we eat, so let’s buy a larger quantity .

“Thank you for waiting! Here you go, Black Millet, Red Millet, and White Wheat . ”

The Black Millet the clerk has brought was slightly purplish in color and the Red Millet grains were of orange-yellow hue, so as he sold them to me cheaply, I decided to buy out his entire inventory .

“”What will you make~?””

“N? Let’s see~ First of all, I will try to make it into a flour and cook some soup . I want to confirm each variety’s flavor first . ”

I think soups would be good to compare the flavors of the millets . I won’t be able to tell the millets flavor by mixing the dry grains into food .

“”Soup!””

“Sounds yummy~”

“Quickly want to drink~”

“Hahaha~ no need to be in such a hurry . I understand that you are looking forward to it, but as I thought, I would like to obtain all four varieties first and compare the flavors all at once . That won’t be possible today, but let’s look around different stores tomorrow . ”

“”Ehh~””

Allen and Elena were looking forward to the soup, but they showed obviously dissatisfied expression when I told them that I won’t be making it just yet .

“I will make them immediately after finding the White Millet, so endure for a little longer . ”

“”A little longer~?””

“A little longer . If we find the White Millet tomorrow, I will make four kinds of soups . Endure for a day, okay?”

“”Oka~y . ””

The two still seemed a bit displeased, but they reluctantly agreed, so I decided to explore the town tomorrow .




Chapter 155

The next day, we went to search for Millet again, but we found it surprisingly fast .

In addition to obtaining White Millet, I was able to purchase more Yellow Millet, and I even came across a grain called Ash Wheat .

The Ash wheat is basically soba (buckwheat) . Of course, I bought lots without holding back, but grinding the soba is a little~… I won’t be able to make Udon so easily… I will have to shelve that idea for a while .

“”Sou~p, sou~p♪””

We have gathered all varieties of the Millet, so the children were in a good mood .

I should do my best by making the Millets into the soups for children as promised .

We still had time since we found what we were searching for so fast, so we strolled around the town .

However, at that moment—

“Move it——!!”

“Kyaa——”

I heard an angry voice from the front and then, I heard a scream .

Taking a look, I saw a middle-aged man holding a knife, pushing a woman away .

It seemed to be a purse snatcher as the man grabbed the woman’s bag .

The people in the surroundings distanced themselves from the danger one after another, and the crowd in the main street was sent into a confusion . Isn’t that very man with a knife running towards us?

I thought of distancing ourselves so we don’t get rolled up in the matter just like the surrounding people, but thinking that it wouldn’t be good for an A-rank adventurer like myself to step away like the common people, I decided to stand my ground .

“… Can’t be helped . ”

“Defeat~?”

“Beat him~?”

“It’s necessary to hold back so leave it to your Oniichan . You guys wait for me here . ”

“”Got it~””

The opponent is a human . I would be troubled if the children couldn’t hold back even by a chance, so I cannot leave it to them .

I separated a little from Allen and Elena and waited for the man to approach me .

“Move away-!!”

In just a little while, the approaching man thrust his knife towards me who was obstructing his way .

I heard the sounds of men holding their breath and screams of the women .

“——!?”

Just before the man was about to stab me, something hit the man’s face which made him falter .

“Oopsy . ”

“Ugya!”

Taking that opportunity, I turned over the man and grasped the wrist of the hand he was holding the knife in behind his back, making him release it from the pain .

Then, I swept him from his feet and applied pressure on his back, making him fall on the ground .

“Guh…”

The man who was pushed to the ground fainted from the impact .

The crowd of people stopped and stood in silence .

“Err… excuse me . Does anyone have something to tie this guy up with?”

“I, I will prepare it immediately . Wait a moment!”

I have a rope in my Infinite Storage, but I can’t take it out with so many people watching, so when I asked the surroundings, a nearby store’s shop assistant entered his store in a hurry .

“Also, can someone call the patrol?”

“I will go . ”

Next, I asked someone to call the patrol . A man stepped out from the crowd and ran to get the patrol .

“How about the woman? Can someone check whether she was injured?”

“Leave that to me . ”

When I asked about the victim and elderly lady hurried to take a look at her .

The rope I asked for has arrived in the meantime, so I tightly tied up the unconscious man .

“Alright, this should be fine . ”

Satisfied with my work, Allen and Elena trotted over and pointed their fingers at the unconscious man .

“”Defeated~?””

Has the children’s meaning of “defeating” took on the meaning of “killing” by any chance?

“It’s slightly different from defeating him? He only fainted . ”

“Fainted~?”

“What’s that~?”

“Ah~… he’s sleeping . ”

“”I see~””

The two found the word “fainted” curious, but they nodded in consent when I corrected myself .

And then, they pointed at the silver coin on the ground .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“That~”

“N?”

This is that, right? The thing which hit the man’s face when he was about to stab me .

“Allen, Elena . Can you return it to its owner?”

“”Yeah . Can~””

“Then, I will leave it to you . ”

“”Yee~s . ”

After Allen and Elena gave cheerfull replies, they picked up the silver coin and ran to a certain people among the crowd of curious onlookers . It was a duo of a blond-haired and red-haired youths .

It was that red-haired youth who precisely threw the coin into the man’s face when he was about to stab me .

Being able to hit a moving target so precisely, that red-haired youth must have quite the throwing skill . Moreover, he has the aura of a martial artist . If I had to choose, then I would say that he’s proficient with a sword .

But, who I am curious about the most is the blonde-haired youth .

That person was unexpectedly the third prince Alfried-sama .

Alfried-sama resembled Tristan-sama quite a lot, so I was able to make that connection immediately even without using Appraisal . Well, even so, I confirmed it with the Appraisal anyway, so there’s no mistake .

Even though this is the first time they see him, Allen and Elena were able to go return the coin without hesitation most likely because he looked exactly like someone they already know .

Nevertheless, for His Highness to be in a place like this, is it that, after all? The standard… walking around the town incognito?

If that’s the case, then the red-haired youth must be a Knight, and most likely His Highness’ guard or something~




Chapter 156

“”Onii~ chan!””

“Welcome back, you two . Were you able to return it properly?”

“”Yeah!””

“Thank you for your hard work . ”

Allen and Elena who returned the silver coin have come back . When I patted the heads of the two who seemed to be satisfied with their accomplishment, the two laughed happily .

“”Exactly the same~””

“Ohh, did the blonde-haired man resemble Tristan-sama?”

“”Yea, resembled~””

After Alfried-sama and his guard received the silver coin from the children, they snuck out of this place .

If they were here incognito then it would be bad if they were to get questioned by the patrol . I’m guessing they returned to the castle for today .

“Even though he resembled him, this was your first meeting, right? Moreover, you were definitely unfamiliar with the man whom you returned the silver coin, were you all right?”

“”Huhh~?””

“As I thought… you lost quite a lot of fear of the strangers~”

“”Not good~?””

“N? It’s a good thing . But, there might be some dangerous people among the strangers, so you still have to be careful about that . Also, you mustn’t wilfully follow strangers, okay?”

“”Yea, got it~””

Recently, the twins have not been shy around strangers . I believe for it to be a good thing overall, but I cautioned them to not follow them just in case .

After I finished, the patrol has arrived .

“Open up the path please——this must be the scene of the crime . Immediately confirm whether there are any wounded!”

The Captain-like person gave instructions to the patrol guards and they began checking for any wounded people .

After that, he walked towards me who had the purse snatcher tied next to me .

“You must be the one who captured the criminal?”

“Yes, that’s correct . ”

“I see, thanks for the help . And so, you are not injured, are you?”

“No, I am fine . ”

Hee~ So he first confirmed whether I was injured or not . This Captain-san (temporary) seems like a good person~

“Hooh, on the contrary to your appearances, you seem to be quite strong . ”

However, Captain-san (temporary) was doubting a bit my apprehension of the purse snatcher .

I think that there’s no helping for it, but… am I really that weak-looking~?

I definitely don’t think that I look strong, but I would like to deny that I look weak? Is this going to become an issue in the future?

“Well, even though I look like this, I am an adventurer after all . ”

“Is that so? Sorry, but could I check your identification papers?”

“Ah, yes . Of course . ”

I presented my guild card to Captain-san (temporary) .

“Wwha!”

Then, Captain-san (temporary) who was checking my guild card raised his voice .

“Captain? What’s the matter?”

“N, nothing… ju, just this . ”

He was a captain just as I thought . When the most nearby subordinate came over after hearing his captain’s startled voice, Captain-san handed him my guild card .

“Eh!? T, this is my first time meeting an A-rank adventurer . ”

“Same here . However, was there an A-ranker with such looks?”

“Err… —— ah! There was news of a character at the end of the summer! What was it again… right! It was ‘Setsuna’!”

“Ahh, I have a recollection of that . If I am not mistaken, it was a man of delicate features . Yep, it’s the person himself . ”

“He’s the type you can’t judge by appearances, is he not? Well, making a forgery of the guild card is not possible, so it’s without a doubt, the person himself . ”

Ou… rumors are quite incredible~ The rumors have already left the Adventurer’s Guild and spread even to the patrol, huh~

Still… Captain-san and his subordinate are whispering to each other, but I can hear it all~ I don’t want to interrupt their talk, but I will hear what they are talking about if I don’t speak up… what do I do~?

“Umm~…”

“Hah, yes! S, sorry . Here, your identification papers . ”

I couldn’t let the current situation continue, so when I reservedly called, Captain-san returned my guild card .

“I’m sorry . I have doubted your strength, but that was only my misunderstanding . For an A-ranker like yourself, handling a hoodlum or two must be nothing . ”

Confirming that I was an A-rank adventurer, Captain-san’s wording has become much more polite .

Well, he originally didn’t speak that rudely, but as I thought, the title of A-ranked is not for a show .

“Please, tell us the circumstances when handling the hoodlum…——”

He started professionally asking me a few questions, so I obediently answered .

“Excuse me, but can I be on my way now?”

After being questioned for a while, I asked if I could leave .

This situation has been drawn-out, so the plans I had after this are in shambles . When I conveyed that I would like to leave, Captain-san showed a troubled expression .

“I would like to keep you here for a while longer, but you must have your circumstances… I understand . I am sorry for taking your time . However, if you could please tell me your place of that would be of help…”

“Ah~… about that~”

“N? Ahh, are you staying at an inn since you are an adventurer? If that’s the case, could I know the name of the inn you are staying at?”

Although reluctant, he will apparently let me go .

But, on the condition that he would have to get in touch with us soon, he asked for the place we stay at . I was hesitating whether I should obediently answer this question, but it’s not like I can make up a lie, so I decided to answer him honestly .

“Err… we are staying with the Ruven family in the noble district . ”

“What!? S, sorry, but could you repeat that please?”

Thinking that he misheard, Captain-san asked me once more for confirmation .

“The Ruven family’s house . ”

“Ru, Ruven family!! A count’s house!?”

“Yes, we are being taken care of by that very Ruven family . ”

“I, is that so…”

Captain-san seemed startled and his eyes were swimming .

Since we are connected with nobles, he most likely has to change how he deals with the situation . That’s must be why he’s making such an expression .

But you know, we are neither assailants nor victims this time, so he doesn’t have to be feeling that concerned .

“Then, I am sorry but I will leave the rest to you . ”

It might be heartless of me, but let’s promptly leave .

“Now then, Allen, Elena . Shall we go?”

“”Soup? Soup?””

“Indeed . Let’s return and make soup . Will you help me?”

“”Yeah!””

Immediately upon our return, we borrowed the kitchen and started cooking the soups from the various millets .

First, I made flour from each millet, then while dissolving them in milk, I flavored them with a pre-made bouillon and made sure to make the exact same amount .

As the result, the finished soups were all of the same color, and the Yellow Millet was closest to the image of the corn soup I had in mind . Well, although I say that, the other three definitely weren’t bad .

The White Millet was creamier, while the Red Millet tasted a bit acidic .

And, as for the Black Millet…——

“Whoa~ this is delicious . ”

“”Swee~t♪””

It was staggeringly sweet . I wouldn’t mind using it as a substitute for sugar .

People could be using Black Millet instead of sugar if sugar prices rise… is what I thought, but since its color is purplish-black or bluish-purple, it’s getting avoided? Even the color of this soup seems suspicious after all~

But, there are fluorescent, pink and even deep blue colored ingredients, so I don’t see the problem with purplish-black .

Well, it’s all about the environment one was raised in, so I can’t really talk here .

First of all, I thought of using the Black Millet’s sweetness for cookies .




Chapter 157

The winter has arrived .

Winter is a social season in the noble society, the nobles who spend most of their lives in their fiefs gather in the Capital, and hold social meetings day and night .

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san are also leaving the mansion every day for some parties happening outside while the Ruven family also receives many guests, so it’s quite hectic each and every day .

One day, when I was called to a parlor by Matthias-san, who waited for me wasn’t Matthias-san himself, but a person I have a remembrance of .

“Huh? You are… the jeweller if I remember correctly, yes?”

“Yes, that’s correct . I am much obligated for the other day . The pearls Takumi-sama sold us were greatly popular . ”

“I’m glad to hear that . But, I am the one who was asking a favor from you . ”

At that time when Matthias-san had invited the jewellers in order to purchse pearl accessory for Rebecca-san, I dropped by, by a coicidence and was asked for an opinion .

The merchants’ design was excellent, but the pearls they had weren’t any good, so I decided to hand them over the pearls I got from the mermaids .

Although the different-colored pearls left Matthias-san and the merchants surprised… well, it was at a toleratable level .

But, the children showed off their golf ball-sized pearls too, which left Matthias-san and others lost for words .

Matthias-san has tacitly not made a clamor about it, but I ended up selling a few good-quality pearls to the merchants .

It appears that the merchants were able to make a good business out of the pearls .

“And so, the reason you called me here today… have you finished the accessories we have ordered, perhaps?”

“Yes, precisely . ”

Apparently, Rebecca-san’s necklace, Grace-sama and Aurora-sama’s necklace and hair ornament have been finished .

“”What~?””

“N? The accessories from pearls we have ordered before have been apparently completed . ”

“”Ohh~””

“Exciting, isn’t it?”

“”Exciting~””

“It’s strange coming out from me, but they have turned out extremely well . ”

The merchant seemed to be confident, so they have apparently turned into quite good articles .

“Sorry, have I kept you waiting?”

After chatting with the merchant in the parlor for a while, Matthias-san entered the room .

“No, we have arrived just a little while ago, so don’t mind it . Well then, without a delay…——”

The unveiling of the accessories followed immediately after Matthias-san and the merchant finished their greetings .

The merchant took out three splendid cases and lined them up on the table .

“These are the articles you have ordered . Please, confirm them . ”

First, Rebecca-san’s necklace . I suggested linking the pearls together, but I was told that using pearls like that would be too extravagant, so my idea was denied . The final article was a simple necklace with five pearls on a silver chain .

Grace-sama’s necklace was a pendant with a thumbnail-sized pearl . The pearls itself was of an unheard of size, so it was also a necklace of a simple kind with no excessive additions .

And lastly, Aurora-sama’s hair ornament . What is it? Err… a comb? It was a comb-like accessory with a pink-colored pearl made into a butterfly . It looked very lovely .

“Yeah, each and every one of them are wonderful . ”

“Yes, they are very well made . ”

“I was confident, but I feel relieved to hear that . ”

When Matthias-san and I gave our honest impressions, the merchant showed relief .

“Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan, this, it’s cute!”

“You like this one, Elena?”

“Yup! Super cute!”

Elena pointed at the hair ornament and was unusually merry .

Certainly, rather than something like a silver metal, the cuteness of an elaborate butterfly would curry a girl’s favor .

“Excuse me, would it be possible to make us the same handiwork as this butterfly or something similar to it?”

“Yes, of course, it’s possible . ”

“Is that so——how about it, Elena? Would you like one?”

“Want!”

“Haha, is that so?”

Elena seemed to be quite pleased with it, so when I asked her whether she would like the same one, or something similar to it, she told me she wants one with a whole-faced smile .

“I am beyond happy it entered Ojousama’s eyes . ”

“I would like to order a butterfly hair ornament? for this child then, but… do you accept orders for articles that don’t use gems?”

“Our store doesn’t deal only with articles made from gems, so there’s no problem . ”

I thought it might be bad to ask a jeweller to create an article that doesn’t use any gems, but there appears to not be any problem .

“Then, could I place the order?”

“Yes, I have received it . ”

As a result of listening to Elena’s opinion and talking with the merchant, we have decided to have a butterfly pin made . I requested for the butterfly’s wings to be made from a color-changing glass and for the pin to be something a child could wear on a daily basis .

“As for Allen…”

After finishing ordering for Elena, I tried asking Allen “Do you also want something?” but he shook his head and told me “Don’t want . ”

As I thought, these things are girls’ forte~

How about getting a blade without tempered edge for Allen the next time? He seems to have an interest in weapons, so he probably won’t tell me “Don’t want . ”

“Well then, I would like you to confirm one more article . ”

Saying that, the merchant showed pearl earrings .

“N? This is?”

Looking at the earrings, Matthias-san made a curious expression .

“This is what I have ordered . You have said that you were ordering a necklace for Rebecca-san’s birthday, so I thought of using this as our present . ”

Right, I realized that I must prepare a present for Rebecca-san and sneakily ordered these . While on the occasion, I made sure the design goes well with the necklace Matthias-san has ordered .

“I see . You didn’t have to . ”

“She’s always taking care of us, so we also want to congratulate her~”

“”Congratulate~””

“Haha, is that so? Thank you . ”

I’m not sure whether Allen and Elena understood, but Matthias-san could only smile wryly at them .

“Still, it’s exactly what I ordered . Thank you very much . ”

I faced the merchant and thanked him .

“Nono, it’s us who should be thanking you for entrusting us with such good pearls . If you obtain pearls or any other gems, please make sure to visit our store again . We will be sure to give you a good price, Takumi-sama . ”

“Haha . All right, I will be sure to when I get my hands on something good . ”

“Yes, we will be expecting you . ”

After handing over the articles we have ordered, the merchant didn’t forget to appeal for the future transactions and left with a smile .




Chapter 158

Three days passed since the pearl accessories arrived . We went to congratulate Rebecca-san on her birthday .

“Rebecca-san, Happy Birthday . ”

“”Congratulations~””

“My! My, my!”

Rebecca-san opened her eyes wide in surprise when she received the congratulations and the box with earrings from Allen and a bouquet from Elena .

“”Here, for you~””

She wasn’t quite taking the presents, so the children presented the box and bouquet again .

“My goodness! I’m so happy~”

Rebecca-san hasn’t accepted the presents yet, but hugged the children instead .

“Thank you, Allen-chan, Elena-chan~”

“”Ehehe~””

“Thanks to you too, Takumi-san . I’m very happy . ”

“I’m also glad that we could please you . ”

Rebecca-san said words to gratitude to me while hugging the children .

“Now, now, Rebecca . The children are feeling anxious so accept the presents already . ”

“”Heree~…””

“Oh my?”

Allen and Elena were happy to be hugged by Rebecca-san, but because she hasn’t accepted their presents yet, their eyes were swimming around, not knowing what to do . When Matthias-san pointed that out, she looked at the confused children .

Rebecca-san instructed a servant to immediately arrange the bouquet she received into a vase . Then, her attention transferred to the box in her hand .

“Please, open it if you’d like . ”

“Okay . Then… —— My! My, my!”

Rebecca-san raised her voice in surprise after opening the box .

“Hey, Takumi-san! Aren’t these pearls!?”

“Then, here you go, from me . ”

Seeing Rebecca-san so surprised because of the pearls, Matthias-san held out an opened box with the pearl necklace .

“My! What is this, Dear!”

Rebecca-san was surprised even more .

“How is it? Do you like it?”

Seeing Rebecca-san’s surprised expression, Matthias-san made a triumphant expression .

“Gee! It’s wonderful! These earrings and the necklace are of matching design, no? You were in cahoots with Takumi-san! Allen-chan and Elena-chan knew as well, did you not~ How cruel of you to keep it secret from me~”

“”Ukya~””

Her tone sounded angry, but Rebecca-san who was smiling embraced Allen and Elena once more . Allen and Elena happily returned the hug .

“Hahaha~ Takumi-kun, that’s how she looks when she’s trying to hide her happiness in embarrassement . . ”

“Is that so?”

It appears that Rebecca-san hugged the children so she could hide her embarrassement .

“Dear! You were not supposed to point that out!”

After being pointed out by Matthias-san, Rebecca-san’s cheeks slightly dyed red .

It seems that she really was embarrassed .

“My wife is adorable, isn’t she?”

“Yes, indeed she is~”

“Gee! Stop teasing me, you two~”

Rebecca-san whose face turned even redder was as cute as a young maiden .

“Still, what fine pearls these are . I have never seen such quality before . ”

“Ahh, these were procured by Takumi-san . He has pearls of shocking quality lying around, you know?”

“Oh my, Takumi-san has? Indeed, it wouldn’t be strange for him to have something like this in his possession . ”

“Truly . I won’t be surprised by anything he takes out next . ”

“Oh my? Even a dragon’s fang?”

“Dragon’s fangs really do exist after all . Something like that won’t surprise me . Since it’s Takumi-kun we are talking about, we better consider items of the legendary grade . ”

“That’s true . ”

“…… Ehh~”

I felt quite complicated from hearing Matthias-san and Rebecca-san’s exchange .

I don’t have a dragon’s fang in my possession… but well, I do have a scale of water demi-god though~ Somehow, I can’t bring myself to bring that up .

Rather, what are legendary grade items? If we take the low-grade potions I have on me in as an example, would they be like items from legends? Legendary items in a normal world would be… a resurrection potion? As expected, there is no medicine in this world that could bring the dead back to life, is there?

Learning about the legends of this world might be quite amusing, actually . Let’s have a look the next time .

“Errr… rather than that, Rebecca-san . Why don’t you try putting on the accessories?”

“Oh, that’s a good idea . Rebecca, try them on . ”

Since it’s a special day, I wanted to see her wear it . Therefore, when I proposed that, Matthias-san was of the same opinion and urged Rebecca-san .

“How is it?”

“Wow~ it suits you really well . ”

“”Suits you~””

Rebecca-san had a servant prepare a mirror and immediately wore the accessories, but it suited her extremely . A simple design seems to have been the best choice for Rebecca-san .

“May I really keep something this wonderful?”

“Of course, it’s already yours after all . ”

“Thank you, Dear . Takumi-san, thank you as well . Naturally, Allen-chan and Elena-chan too . ”

“”Yea!””

“I’m glad it’s to your liking . Also, I have prepared plenty of dishes, so please make sure to eat up . ”

She seemed to be satisfied with the presents, so the meal was next . Starting with Barry-san, the chefs of the Ruven family prepared a feat .

I made hamburgers with the ground meat making magic tool I acquired recently, then I made a deep-fried chicken with fried potatoes and other fried foods . I have also attempted to make pudding . I still don’t have a steamer so I made it in a pot with hot water, but well, it has turned alight .

“Now that I think about it, when is your and the children’s birthdays, Takumi-san?”

“Ahh~ about that…”

“Now, now, Rebecca . You have heard about their circumstances, did you not?”

“That was negligent of me, I am sorry . ”

While having a meal, Rebecca-san asked about Allen and Elena’s birthday .

While I was trying to avoid the topic, Matthias-san rebuked Rebecca-san . Then, she apologized in a dejected state .

“I am sorry, I still don’t know when Allen and Elena were born . ”

Allen and Elena might be the Water God’s children, but they were mostly orphans . Moreover, they are aware that I am not their real brother .

Either way, I have not yet grasped the two’s date of birth . I have been frequently checking their status so I wouldn’t miss when their age column changes from five to six, but the two’s age has not changed yet .

We have met at the beginning of March and we are currently in the middle of October . Four more months until it will be a year since I found them . During that time, they will be celebrating their birthday .

“I believe it should be soon… I will make sure to tell you when the indication on their guild cards changes . ”

I have not informed them of my Appraisal skill yet, so I told them that I am checking the age on their guild cards .

“Yeah . Please do so . And so, when is your birthday, Takumi-san?”

“Eh, mine? Mine is at the start of the March . ”

I just had my birthday a little before I reincarnated on Aetherdia and it was on the start of March that I came here, so there shouldn’t be a problem by telling that my birthday is in March .

When I replied, Rebecca-san said “I will remember it . ” cheerfully . What is it… I feel that she is going to scheme something, but was it just my imagination?

“Gee, Takumi-san . You don’t have to look so worried, it will be a normal celebration . ”

Even if you call it “normal”… a normal celebration of the nobility sounds scary enough though~

Although I don’t know whether we will still be at the Capital at that time, I replied: “I am looking forward to it . ”




Chapter 159

The next day after Rebecca-san’s birthday, we were taken by Matthias-san to the castle .

“”What we doing~?””

“N?”

“”Baking bread~?””

“No, no . We haven’t come today to bake bread . ”

Speaking of what we came for today, it’s to give the pearl accessories to Grace-sama and Aurora-sama .

“We are here today to hand over the gifts to Grace-sama and Aurora-sama . ”

“”I see~””

Although I say that, there’s a high probability that the royal family would want to award us with a suitable amount of cash, so it’s very hard to call them strictly “presents . ”

I’m told that… the nobility cannot receive gifts from the nobility without a proper reason . That’s because even if we don’t even think about it, it might look like we are trying to bribe them to others .

Therefore, it might be correct to say that we are going there for “high-pressure salesmanship . ”

“Sorry, have we made you wait?”

Immediately after Matthias-san and I were taken to the parlor, the King-Queen couple and the Crown Prince-Crown Princess couple entered .

“Not at all, thank you very much for making time for us, Your Majesty . ”

“No problem . ”

Matthias-san gave the greetings to the four as our representative .

“And so, what’s the matter? You had Grace and Aurora accompany us as well . ”

“Yes, we have something we would like Her Majesty and Her Highness to accept . ”

“Hou~”

Hearing Matthias-san’s words, Tristan-sama glanced at me for some reason .

“Since you are together, it means that Takumi did something again, no? So, what have you done this time?”

“……”

Tristan-sama advanced the conversation while assuming that I did something from the beginning .

“Fufu . Dear, you don’t have to speak like that since the very beginning~”

“That’s right, Father . You are making Takumi-dono uncomfortable . ”

Grace-sama and Austin-sama defended me immediately after hearing Tristan-sama’s words, however—

“No, His Majesty’s words aren’t wrong . ”

“See?”

“Oh my~?”

Matthias-san sided with His Majesty .

I somehow can’t accept that the matter with the pearls is something I have to feel guilty about, but it would become more complicated if I spoke up here, so I decided to hold my tongue behind my mouth .

“I think it would be faster to show you the articles we would like you to accept first . ”

Saying that, Matthias-san handed over the box containing the pearl accessories .

“Hmm . Let’s have a look then . ”

“Father, I will-”

Austin-sama received the box on behalf of the four royal family members and opened the lid . Then——

“What the hell is this!?”

“This is…”

“”My!””

All four of them raised their voice with surprise .

“These are pearls . I have not seen pearls this magnificent ever before!”

“This is my first time seeing pearls of such neat shapes . Also, I have never thought of ever witnessing colored pearls in my life . ”

“How wonderful articles these are~”

“Yes, truly . ”

Tristan-sama and Austin-sama observed the pearls while not believing their eyes, while Grace-sama and Aurora-sama looked at the jewelry, spellbound .

“I see, Takumi, huh! These come from Takumi then!”

“Yes, you are correct . ”

With Tristan-sama’s words, the gazes of the four gathered on me .

“I was given these pearls . By the way, I believe their place of origin to be in the vicinity of Bailey . ”

“”””…………””””

I have said that they were given to me just like I told Matthias-san before, but the silence continued .

Matthias-san who saw the situation could only shrug his shoulders while looking like he wanted to say “Good grief . ”

“Errr… I had these accessories made for Grace-sama and Aurora-sama respectively, would you please accept them?”

“”Oh my~””

Thinking that it would be better to advance the conversation here, I conveyed that these articles were gifts for Aurora-sama and Grace-sama .

Grace-sama and Aurora-sama who heard that raised their voices in joy while looking at their husbands .

As I thought, it seems that they can’t just say “I will accept it . ” or “Yes, thank you . ”

“They are such fascinating articles . Even I would like to get my hands on them . Takumi, please give us these articles by all means . Naturally, we will pay you a suitable price . ”

“I’m fine with gifting you these, but… as I thought, that can’t be done, huh . ”

“Indeed . We are grateful for your feelings though . ”

As I have expected, I have to sell them .

“I’m sorry for increasing your expenses all of sudden . ”

“Don’t mind it, my wife seems to like it . It would hurt my reputation as a man if I didn’t buy it for her . ”

“My! You are so handsome, Dear . ”

His Majesty and Her Majesty displayed their affection .

Looking at Austin-sama and Grace-sama, they too seem to be in a harmonious relationship .

“”Getting along~?””

“Indeed . ”

When Allen and Elena started giggling and frolicking because the couples were getting along, Tristan-sama cleared his throat to change the subject .

“Ahem . So, Takumi . Have you decided the value of these articles?”

“No, I have not . However, the pearls were given to me, so I am unable to attach value on them… as for the rest, the bases are made from metals and then there are the craftsmanship expenses, so I don’t think they should be that expensive…”

Tristan-sama asked me for a price, but… I honestly don’t know .

Anyhow, far from paying for the accessories, I made money by selling them the pearls .

“No, no, no! Takumi-dono, you are talking about the cost price, right? We don’t mean that, but the value of the accessories themselves, alright? You may give whatever price you like . These accessories should be of considerable value, you understand?”

As I was thinking that I could ask for the price it took to produce these accessories, Austin-sama immediately stopped me . It unexpectedly didn’t work .

“Personally, I am fine with the minimum you are willing to pay, but…”

“That would be easier on our pockets indeed, but that’s not good! Rather, why is the selling side trying to bargain with us for a lower price!?”

Normally, the selling side should be trying to exaggerate the price as much as possible, right? Austin-sama lightly scolded me .

“Is it hopeless?”

“It is!”

“”Hopeless~?””

“Y, yeah, it’s hopeless!”

Allen and Elena who can’t read the mood tried to cover for me, but Austin-sama wasn’t budging .

“”Please~””

“Ugh…”

When Allen and Elena pleaded with Austin-sama to make doubly sure, Austin-sama’s next words were finally blocked .

“”Fufu . ””

Finding such exchange amusing, Grace-sama and Aurora-sama spilled out laughter .

“It’s supposed to be the exact opposite, but… trying to sell something cheaply, it’s my first time hearing such request . ”

“Truly, Mother-in-law . We are so not used to it, it’s us who are getting troubled instead . ”

Grace-sama and Aurora-sama were attentively watching the course of events .

After that, thanks to being continuously supported by Allen and Elena, the pearls got sold for the bare minimum amount of cash .

“Allen, Elena, thank you! You did well!”

“”Ehehe~””

Although Austin-sama seemed to be worn out at the end, I praised the children for their effort .




Chapter 160

“Takumi-san, may I talk to you for a little?”

While relaxing in our room at the Ruven house, Rebecca-san over .

“Yes, of course . What is it?”

“Velio-san—my son who usually stays at our fief has arrived, I would like to introduce you guys to him . ”

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san’s oldest son, Granvelio Ruven-sama . Wald-sama’s older brother . He is the one to usually manage the Ruven territory instead of Matthias-san who works at the castle .

“Hey, so you are Takumi, I see . ”

A man resembling Wald-sama walked into the room after Rebecca-san .

His hair was of the bright brown color and his body-type was somewhat thinnish, so they are not so similar you would mistake him for Wald-sama, but the way they carry themselves are especially alike .

Even though he apparently just arrived at the Capital, he took the trouble to come and greet us .

“I am Granvelio . Nice to meet you . ”

“How do you do? I am Takumi . Sorry for the trouble, I should have been the one to go and greet you…”

“No, I was the one who wanted to meet you as soon as possible, so you don’t have to mind it . ”

When I apologized, Granvelio-sama smiled cheerfully . He’s oozing with kindness .

“”Wald-sama~?””

Allen and Elena looked at Granvelio-sama’s face in wonder .

“They look similar, but that’s not him . This is Granvelio-sama . Wald-sama’s Oniisan . ”

“”Onii~ chan!”

“Correct, Oniisan . Will you greet him?”

“”Yeah!””

“I am Allen!”

“I am Elena!”

“”Hello~””

Discovering that he was Wald-sama’s older brother, Allen and Elena greeted him cheerfully .

“Hello . It’s good to be lively~ Ahh, you can call me Velio . ”

“”Velio-sama~?”

“Without ‘-sama’ . ”

“”Velio-sa~n?””

“N~ a bit more intimately . ”

“”Nniyu~?””

“You are calling my mother ‘Obaasama’ right? In that case, wouldn’t I be Ojisama then?”

“”Oji——”

Velio-sama was trying to correct the way Allen and Elena address him with his utmost effort, but——

“Nonono! Allen, Elena, wait a moment!”

“”Uniyu?””

I stopped Allen and Elena who were on the verge of saying “Ojisama” .

As expected, I can’t have them call Granvelio-sama who is only a little older than me “Ojisama . ”

I mean, I was also reluctant to have them call Matthias-san and Rebecca-san “Ojiisama” and “Obaasama . ”

“How about Oniisama or Velio Niisama instead?”

“Ohh! That sounds nice . That’s something my real little brother would never call me himself! Allen, Elena, quickly, try calling me like that . ”

As simple “-san” wasn’t allowed, I tried proposing the sibling way .

Granvelio-sama was greatly pleased with that .

“”Velio Nii~sama?””

He immediately had Allen and Elena call him like that .

“I see, this is something fresh . I somehow understand the reason you wanted the children to call you ‘Obaasama’, mother . ”

“Isn’t that right? Gee, so adorable!”

Granvelio-sama seemed to be satisfied . He’s now understanding of Rebecca-san’s delight .

“Well~ as I thought, children are just cute~”

“Right! Velio-san, you can have as many children as you like!”

“Hahaha . The first one is yet to be born, so saying as many as I like is being too hasty, Mother . Well, if Amelia does her best, I wouldn’t mind that many~”

Listening to his conversation with Rebecca-san, I sense that Velio-sama is quite an indulgent person .

He will surely spoil his children together with Rebecca-san in the future .

“Errr… have you not come together with your wife, Granvelio-sama?”

“Ahh, Amelia—my wife is unfortunately not feeling well after the traveling, so she’s currently resting . She will have dinner with us, so I will introduce you then . ”

“Yes, please do so . ”

If I am not mistaken, theRuven family’s fief is… to the west of the Capital . It should be between Shirin and Bailey . I don’t know accurately, but wouldn’t it take at least a week of travel by carriage? Of course, you would get exhausted from that~

“By the way, Takumi-kun . You can call me Velio . ”

“… Yes, Velio-san . ”

“Hmm, I will compromise . ”

By the way, I tried calling him “Velio-sama” in a casual matter, but he would either not recognize it or correct me .

Then, at dinner .

“I am Granvelio’s wife, Amelia is my name . ”

“It seems that I got tired because of the long journey in a carriage after a long while . But, I became much better after resting for a little . ”

What a young-looking woman~ is what I thought, but Amelia-san is apparently only twenty-three years old . She’s apparently the younger sister-in-law to Wald-sama who is twenty-six this year .

“…… Ugh . ”

After we finished the introductions and the food was carried in, Amelia-san suddenly felt nauseated . It seems that her condition is not at its best just yet .

“Amelia!? A, are you all right!?”

Velio-san stood in panic, rushed over to Amelia-san’s side and patted her back .

“”Onii~ chan . ””

“What is it?”

“”Stomach~””

“Stomach?”

Then, while watching Amelia-san, Allen and Elena patted their bellies .

“N~ belly, huh~…——Ah!”

Thinking what they could mean while looking at Amelia-san, I felt magical power coming from Amelia-san’s abdomen .

“What’s the matter, Takumi-kun?”

Matthias-san looked at me who cried out all of sudden in wonder .

“Matthias-san, I can feel magical power coming from Amelia-san’s abdomen . ”

“What!?”

“Is she perhaps… pregnant?”

The magical power was similar to Amelia-san’s but different, so I could only conjure that she was with a child .

“My!”

“”… Eh?””

Hearing my and Matthias-san’s conversation, Rebecca-san immediately reacted in delight, while Velio-san and Amelia-san were dumbstruck .

“Ta, Takumi-kun, are you saying the truth?”

“That’s surely it! Amelia-san’s symptoms look like a morning sickness too!”

Velio-san who came to his senses tried to confirm with me one more time, but Rebecca-san who was now convinced started calling for a doctor to check up on Amelia-san .

“First of all, we should move Amelia-san to somewhere she can rest…”

“I, indeed . ”

When Velio-san left with Amelia-san in his arms, Rebecca-san followed them cheerfully .

“”Hungry~””

As we kept sitting down because we couldn’t follow, Allen and Elena began singing the song of hunger… well, we were about to have dinner, so it can’t be helped .

“… We probably should have dinner as planned . ”

“… Indeed . ”

“”Can eat~?””

“Yeah, go ahead . ”

“”Let’s eat~!””

The Father-in-law Matthias-san also hesitated to follow after them, so he answered to Allen and Elena’s song of hunger .

We quietly had our meal while the Ruven family became busy instantly .




Chapter 161

We, who have finished eating have moved together with Matthias-san to the salon . There, we joined up with Rebecca-san and Wald-sama who returned from his work .

“Elder brother is having a child, huh~”

“Fufu, how exciting~”

After a doctor’s examination, Amelia-san’s pregnancy was confirmed .

Rebecca-san returned to report to us with light steps .

“If I remember correctly, they came to the Capital to participate in the evening party, right? Will they be fine?”

Soon, the castle will hold an evening party most of the nobility will attend . Velio-san and Amelia-san also came to the Capital to participate… Velio-san aside, I thought it might have been difficult for Amelia-san, but——

“Her condition will recover in two-three days, so she will be surely fine . ”

Rebecca-san who has experienced childbirth said there won’t be a problem .

“If we finish the greetings quickly, she just has to watch her condition and act accordingly . ”

Moreover, according to Matthias-san, there’s no problem to excuse yourself at any point in time after finishing the greetings if you have a good relationship with the royal family .

Indeed, if they can finish the greetings fast, they will be able to manage even if her condition isn’t at its best .

“That reminds me, are you attending without a partner, Wald-sama?”

I am not that knowledgeable when it comes to evening parties of the nobility, but if I am not mistaken… don’t women need a partner to escort them in order to attend? Are men able to attend without a partner then?

“I usually get a cousin or a distant relative to be my partner, but I am participating while working this time . ”

“You are working, Wald-sama? What, I thought I could see you dressed up . ”

I have never seen Wald-sama as “young master of a high status” so I thought I would be able to witness it this time, but… unfortunately, Wald-sama seems to be working .

Ah, but, won’t he be dressed in the uniform of the Royal Guards?

“I am quite used to wearing such clothes, so I have no concerns about that, you know? Rather than that, Takumi . You should be concerned about your own attire . ”

What does the uniform of the Royal Guards look like, I wonder? While thinking such, Wald-sama told me to worry about my own attire .

“Eh? Me? I have no plans that require me to wear a formal dress, though?”

“Oh my, what are you saying, Takumi-san . You are participating at the evening party as well . ”

“Eh?”

My thoughts have suspended at the words Rebecca-san told me .

“… Eh? What did you say just now, Rebecca-san?”

“I am saying that a written invitation for the royal evening party has arrived for you as well . ”

“R, really?”

“Of course . You cannot take Allen-chan and Elena-chan with you, but they have been invited to many salon and tea parties for children as well, you know? Well, you guys don’t have to attend all the parties you were invited to, but I will have you attend a few, all right?”

What a shocking thing .

Surely not, surely not . I never thought I would be exposed to the high society of nobles .

“Errr… do I have to attend…?”

“I understand that you are not fond of these things, but you have to attend, Takumi-kun . Especially when it comes to a royal family organized party, not attending is quite impossible . ”

“Eh~…”

“The purpose of your attendance is to announce that you have my backing . ”

“……”

If you told me that, I have to go even if I don’t want to .

“Also, that you know? We have to spread that you have gotten a personal invitation from the royal family . ”

“Eh?”

“Takumi, you really are~ Even people serving at the castle don’t have the chance to have a face-to-face meeting with the royalty, you know? And yet, you have visited them privately, no?”

“……”

I can’t deny Wald-sama’s words .

That’s because I have visited them several times already in the short period of time in the Capital .

“Eh, but I don’t have any appropriate clothes ready?”

“Don’t worry about that . I have asked at Mary’s store to prepare clothes for you . ”

“……”

My attire was prepared without my knowledge .

If you are prepared this much, you should have told me earlier . I also wouldn’t refuse if there was a good reason to go .

“”Hey~””

“N? What is it, Allen, Elena?”

“Allen is not going?”

“Is Elena house sitting?”

Allen and Elena who heard the conversation were pulling on my clothes from both sides with sorrowful faces .

“Errm… that seems to be the case . Can you endure for a night?”

“”Ehh~””

Allen and Elena pushed their heads against my sides with discontent expressions .

“Allen-chan and Elena-chan, you will be looked after by maids at the castle together with Julius-sama . ”

“”Nniyu?””

“Julius-sama?”

“The Crown Prince’s, Austin-sama’s son . He’s one, nearly two years old now . ”

So Austin-sama had a child… I didn’t know~

However, even if they are together with Austin-sama’s child, will Allen and Elena listen obediently to maids they meet for the first time? Although their shyness of strangers has gotten better recently, this is quite a different story…

“We plan on bringing Lizzy (Rebecca’s personal maid) along . Besides, the Risner’s… err?”

“Isaac . Isaac will be guarding Julius-sama . ”

Without my knowing, the many problems of the evening party have been solved .

“… But, although he’s little, Julius-sama is an heir to the throne, no? To be looked after together with someone of his status… is this all right?”

I mean, he’s the royal grandson, you know? To be looked after with someone like him, I wonder about that? It’s fine to be interested in him from a distance, but if they monkey around with him… I have a feeling that it won’t end only painfully for me .

… Isn’t there numerous things I should be worried about?

“Fufu . You don’t have to worry that much, Takumi-san . ”

“Truly . Regarding this matter, His Highness said ‘by all means’ after all . ”

“Is… that so?”

If Austin-sama said “by all means” there’s no room for me to refuse, is there?

“Allen, Elena, it seems that you will be house sitting in the castle, but please wait for me there obediently, okay?”

“”Do we have to~?””

“You absolutely do . ”

“”Muu~~~””

Allen and Elena voiced their displeasure again . As I thought, they are dissatisfied with house sitting .

I would be feeling more at peace if Feat could be with them, but… I can’t entrust the maids my contracted beasts as well, right? It would be better to request Isaac-san to look after Allen and Elena for me .

“Wald-sama, I would like to meet Isaac-san once before the party, could you arrange that for me?”

“N? Isaac? He should have evening hours just like me tomorrow, so I think he would happily come if you invite him for dinner? I have been boasting about how delicious the Armored Buffalo was before after all . I have no doubts he would come if you cook some Armored Buffalo dishes . ”

“……”

The next day after eating Armored Buffalo steaks, Wald-sama who returned from the night shift ate steaks to his heart content in the morning . I knew he liked it quite a lot, but it seems he was boasting to Isaac-san again…

“In that case, I will cook Armored Buffalo steak and… other dishes, so please bring Isaac-san with you . ”

“Ohh, I look forward to it . Got it, I will bring him without a fail . ”

“I leave it to you . ”

With this, Wald-sama will surely bring Isaac-san over .

The next day, I prepared the dishes for Isaac-san and requested him to take care of Allen and Elena on the day of the evening party .




Chapter 162

The day of the evening party arrived at last .

I, who handed over the unwilling Allen and Elena to the castle maids and the Royal Guards including Isaac-san, arrived with Matthias-san and Rebecca-san to the entrance of the evening party hall .

There will be many dressed up nobles, right? I am getting a bit nervous .

“Are you prepared, Takumi-kun?”

“Fufu . Now then, Takumi-san, let’s enter . ”

Although I was still feeling nervous, Rebecca-san supported herself with my arm .

Rebecca-san’s escort is naturally Matthias-san, but I am escorting her with him today as well . This is apparently called a double escort .

When we entered the gorgeous hall, not a small racket stirred .

Is this normal or is it because someone they are not familiar with like me is with the Count couple… I couldn’t tell since it was my first evening party, but curious gazes gathered on us .

“Takumi-kun, we must greet His Majesty first . ”

“Y, yes, I understand . ”

“Takumi-san, your expression has stiffened . ”

“Eh?”

“It’s understandable that you are nervous, but we are with you, so you don’t need to be worried . ”

“… I will do my best . ”

Although I say that, I don’t know whether I will be able to suppress my nervousness .

“Haha, it seems that eyes are nailed on your accessories, Rebecca . ”

“Oh my, oh my . ”

Matthias-san leaked quiet laughter without breaking his expression .

I see, the majority of the gazes is directed towards the pearls!

Today, Rebecca-san is wearing a wine red, slender dress with a charmful white embroidery with the pearl accessories Matthias-san and I gifted her .

“There isn’t anyone going to ask even though they are all interested?”

“Takumi-kun, where are we going now?”

“Eh? To His Majesty——Tristan-sama’s place . ”

“Right . There’s no way they would obstruct us when we are going to this party’s organizer, the King of this country, right?”

“Ah, I see!”

It’s standard to greet the organizer of the party first . There isn’t anyone without manners who would contact us before we finished our greetings .

“Now then, Takumi-kun, it’s our turn . ”

We advanced through the queue of people that came to greet Tristan-sama .

When it became our turn, Matthias-san went forward and bowed .

Following after Matthias-san, Rebecca-san and I bowed next .

“Count Ruven, Lady Rebecca, thank you for coming this evening . ”

“Thank you very much for the invitation . ”

Talking casually is apparently a breach of etiquette for those of status . Therefore, when Tristan-sama addressed Matthias-san, Matthias-san gave his greetings .

It feels like the stern Tristan-sama wrapped in kingly aura I had an audience with was a different person .

“Your outfit is truly beautiful tonight, Your Majesty . ”

“Oh my, thank you, Count Ruven . Your wife’s attire is also wonderful today . ”

I don’t feel any friendliness from Grace-sama she had when I met her in private .

This is exactly what a “Noble woman” is .

“You did well coming, Takumi . ”

“Thank you very much for the invitation, Your Majesty . ”

The moment Tristan-sama called out to me, the surroundings have gotten momentarily noisier .

Are they surprised that someone they don’t know was known by His Majesty?

“How is your first evening party?”

“I feel a bit nervous from this truly gorgeous place . ”

“Hahaha~ What, no need to be this tense . Just enjoy yourself without worries . ”

“Indeed, Takumi-san . Since you are already here, you better enjoy yourself . ”

As Tristan-sama and Grace-sama talked with me intimately, the noise of the surroundings grew louder .

“Good evening, Takumi-dono . ”

When Austin-sama and Aurora-sama who finished greeting other nobles joined us, the noise grew even louder .

“Thank you for the invitation, Austin-sama . ”

“It’s my first time seeing you dressed like this Takumi-dono, but it seems that you are quite used to it . ”

“Do you think so?”

I was always dressed in my usual adventurer-style clothes when meeting with Austin-sama, so he was staring at me fixedly .

Generally, adventurers (commoners) wouldn’t be used to wearing this style of clothes, but I am used to wearing a suit, so I don’t feel out of place when dressed like a noble .

“Both Grace-sama and Aurora-sama are wearing the pearls, I see . It suits you very well . ”

“Thank you . Although I believe that one would be able to get used to wearing something this wonderful immediately . ”

“Indeed . I also switched the dress I was planning on wearing tonight for something that would match with the hair ornament~”

“If I am not mistaken… you wanted to wear a pale-pink dress tonight, no?”

“Yes, they are of the same color though, so the pearl wouldn’t stand out . ”

“Truly . ”

Grace-sama and Aurora-sama were wearing the pearl accessories I have brought them the other day . Aurora-sama decided to choose a new dress that would go well with the pearl hair ornament .

“Rebecca’s jewelry is also wonderful . Were these pearls also…”

“Yes, indeed . ”

Grace-sama praised Rebecca-san’s pearl accessories and glanced at me .

She asked Rebecca-san in a way that the people listening in to our conversation wouldn’t understand .

Rebecca-san also replied in an unclear way .

“Takumi, I can’t praise you for hogging our women all for yourself~”

“Eh?”

Tristan-sama on the side was poking fun at me .

From the side, it apparently looks like the three women were gathered around me .

“Nono, Your Majesty . You should have seen Takumi-kun when he was surrounded by young ladies at our tea party . ”

“What? That’s incredible . ”

Matthias-san, I don’t need to guess that you are talking about the matter with Pastel Rabbits, right? Please stop saying it as if the ladies were gathering around for me .

Also, stop smirking at me please!

“… It was the Pastel Rabbits that were popular, not me . ”

“You think so? They might have been swarming around you, you know?”

“Definitely not~”

“My, oh my . Your Majesty, Takumi-san is going to sulk if you tease him too much . ”

“Right . ”

Tristan-sama was trying to tease me further, but he quickly withdrew thanks to Grace-sama’s defense .

“It’s amusing talking with you Takumi and I would like to talk more, but let’s do that afterward . Well then, Count Ruven, Takumi is still unfamiliar with a place like this, so look after him carefully . ”

“Understood . ”

Tristan-sama and others still have many nobles left to greet, so they are not able to spare too much time for us . I felt a bit uneasy from Tristan-sama’s words, but we bowed and separated from him and others .

“… How tiring . ”

“Now, now, the evening party has just begun, you know? —— Look, they are here . ”

After we separated from Tristan-sama and others, I grumbled a complaint .

But, aren’t people unconcerned about that and coming this way!?

“Long time no see, Count Ruven . ”

“Count Ruven-sama, Rebecca-sama, gokigen’yoh . ”

“Rebecca-sama, it has been a while . ”

And before I noticed, we were surrounded by many people .

“Rebecca-san, your necklace and earring look wonderful . ”

“What a splendid pearls~”

“Where might you have purchased them?”

They came to ask about the pearls .

Is that why there are only three men, but seven women? Because of the pearls?

“Fufu . This was a gift from my husband . ”

Rebecca-san gave an evasive reply to the questions of the women .

“Who might be this person?”

“He is not your son, is he?”

There also were people who wanted to know about me .

“He is an adventurer under my guardianship . He is very exceptional, so he had the privilege of obtaining His Majesty’s favor . ”

“Certainly, his conversation with His Majesty seemed quite intimate…”

Matthias-san appealed his guardianship of me and His Majesty’s relationship with me .

Without being able to interject even once, I watched Matthias-san and Rebecca-san’s conversations from the side .




Chapter 163

Template, once again . 

It took a considerable amount of time before we were released from the barrage of questions .

“… That was dreadful . ”

I went to an unpopulated balcony where I chilled my heated up body with the cold air .

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san are intimately dancing within the dancing circle, so they are not with me . It had left me by myself, but I encouraged them to go for a dance .

“Oy, commoner . Don’t get too cocky just because you have received His Majesty’s favor!”

As if waiting for me to be alone, several young masters came over to pick a fight with me with an incomprehensible pretext .

“Errr… I don’t think I am acting cocky or anything though?”

“Stop talking back! Don’t get carried away just because you are at this party!”

“Right! Understand already that this party is not suitable for commoners!”

These people with distorted reasoning that are going after me are the kind of people who think they are better than everyone else . Therefore, it’s clear that they won’t listen to anything I say .

It has been a while since something like this happened~ I am relieved that Allen and Elena aren’t here, because of they were, they would end up throwing themselves at these young masters immediately until they wouldn’t be able to move like that adventurer before .

Using a force against the nobility would cause some problems after all .

… However, how do I get myself out of this situation?

I can’t use force, words don’t connect… should I evacuate? Should I move to a more public place and swiftly join up with Matthias-san and Rebecca-san?

“What are you doing there?”

While thinking of escaping from here, I heard the voice of a third party .

“Y, Your Highness!?”

It was the third prince, Alfried-sama .

“I am asking you . What are you doing there? I think I heard some inappropriate remarks?”

“No, that’s not the case at all . ”

“Is that so?”

“Of course . ”

“Well, let’s leave it at that . I’d like to borrow him for a while, that fine with you?”

“Y, yes . We will excuse ourselves . ”

With the prince’s entry, the young masters were bound to disperse . Moreover, while leaving, they left a “You got lucky today” remark .

“… What did they want to do?”

“Majority of the people here are pleased with you, so they probably wanted to chase you out, Takumi-dono . ”

“Ah! Sorry about that . Thank you for helping me, Alfried-sama . ”

I was dumbfounded by their sore loser threat, but recalling that I haven’t given my thanks to Alfried-sama yet, I conveyed my thanks in a hurry .

“No, that wasn’t your fault, right? You are here because you were invited by Father . Rather, I should be the one apologizing . I am sorry about those fellows . ”

“No, that’s not something Alfried-sama should be apologizing for . ”

Alfried-sama was earnestly apologizing, but I don’t think it was required .

“You are quite tolerable, Takumi-dono~ Ah, please call me Al . We are close in age, so I don’t mind if you speak casually to me . ”

“Then, I will address you Al-sama . Please, call me Takumi . ”

“I don’t mind the honorifics, but… the surroundings would be noisy, so it can’t be helped . ”

Al-sama was a very friendly person . We could build a good relationship if he was to be my friend~ I insolently thought .

“Come to think of it, why have you come to the balcony, Al-sama?”

“Ah, I wanted to talk with you . ”

“Yes? About what?”

When I asked why he came to the balcony, Al-sama was averting his gaze a little .

Something he wanted to talk about? While thinking about what it could be, I wanted for him to speak .

“… About the other day . ”

“The other day? Ahh… about us happening to see you in the town?”

“! I, I see . So you really did notice me that time . ”

It appears that Al-sama wanted to talk about his incognito stroll in the town .

Nevertheless… he somehow guessed that I was able to notice him .

“Yes . You really do take after Tristan-sama . I was able to tell immediately . ”

“… I see . ”

Al-sama hung his head in dejection .

“I will tell you just in case, but I have no intentions of spreading rumors . Besides, as long as it doesn’t cause trouble for the surroundings, I don’t really oppose your incognito walks . ”

For the time being, I followed up with what Alfried-sama seemed to be concerned about .

“… You think so?”

“Yes . ”

“That would be a great help . ”

“Nono . ”

As I thought, what Al-sama was worried about was whether his strolls would be exposed to others .

“Does Tristan-sama and the rest not know?”

“No, I did not tell anyone, but I believe that Father and others know . I think they are aware, but just not saying anything . ”

“Is that so?”

Is that so? That’s rather convenient…——

“Did Tristan-sama perhaps traveled incognito as much as you do before? That’s why he isn’t saying anything, perhaps?”

“Eh? N, no, surely not!?”

Al-sama seems surprised, but I don’t find it impossible . That’s why I think that if he doesn’t go overboard, his strolls might be overlooked .

“Well, anyhow . I don’t know how often you go for the strolls in the town, but your current pace seems to be overlooked~”

“I see!”

Al-sama was delighted from hearing my words . He must like walking in the town a lot .

“You were here, Your Highness . Did I not tell you to refrain from going alo——”

At that time, the red-haired guard that was with Al-sama before arrived . He was apparently looking for Al-sama as he tried to reproach him the moment he found him, but he stopped once he noticed me .

“Oh my? You are…”

“Hello . I am an adventurer, Takumi . Thank you very much for your assistance the other day . ”

“… Not at all . ”

When I told him my thanks for assisting me by throwing the coin, he was dumbfounded .

“It seems that Takumi has noticed our identities . ”

“… As I thought, it was like that, huh——ahh, how rude of me . My name is Najack Ignis . ”

“Najack is my personal guard . Ah, he’s also a nephew of Countess Ruven . ”

“Eh? Then Najack-sama is Wald-sama and Velio-sama’s cousin?”

“Yeah, that’s right . ”

From what Al-sama said, I understood that the Ignis Household is Rebecca-san’s maternal family .

“Hee~ I wasn’t aware . ”

“It’s only a little, but I heard about you from Obaasama, Takumi-dono . ”

“Eh? Is that so!?”

“Yeah, my Father and Obaasama seem to be keeping close contact, so I heard various things…”

“……”

Najack-sama’s words were muddy at the end for some reason .

Rebbeca-san, just what did you tell your parent’s home!?

“Oh! I heard about them too! Takumi’s tales of heroism!”

“!?”

Seriously, wait a moment! What do you mean by heroism!

I was curious about what stories they heard, but I had a bad feeling that I would regret asking, so I decided to not ask in the end .

“……… Ah~ that reminds me, is it all right for you to be this far for this long from the hall, Al-sama?”

“Yeah? Ahh, this much shouldn’t be a problem… it would be better to return soon though . You are coming back too, right?”

“Indeed, I should . ”

“In that case, come with me . It would be troublesome if something like before happened again before you could meet up with Count Ruven, right? If you are with me—”

“Nono, as expected, I can’t use a prince a shield . ”

“I don’t really mind? Alright, let’s go, Takumi . ”

When I returned to the hall while escorted by Al-sama, Matthias-san, Rebecca-san and naturally Tristan-sama and the rest of the royal family were delighted that Al-sama and I became friends .

The royals have only a few friends because of their status, so people like me are apparently rare . Al-sama himself told me “by all means” . I thought that I could become good friends with him, so I decided to accept .

Like this, I made a friend from the royal family .




Chapter 164

After that, I was somehow able to appreciate the atmosphere of the evening party a bit longer, but thinking that I should be fine by now, I decided to leave the venue behind and went to pick up Allen and Elena .

Of course, I have received Tristan-sama and Matthias-san’s permission .

“”Onii~ chan!””

When I entered the room where the children were being taken care of, the two vigorously jumped at me .

“”Welcome back~””

“I’m back . Were you waiting for me obediently?”

“Yup, Allen was a good boy!”

“Elena also was a good girl!”

“I see . You were good children~”

Allen and Elena were appealing that they waited while being good kids, so I praised the two lots while patting their heads .

“Huh? That reminds me, where’s Julius-sama?”

“It was time for Julius-sama to sleep, so he was taken to his bedroom . ”

Just I found it strange that I had not seen Julius-sama together with Allen and Elena, Isaac-san filled me in .

“Is that so? How unlucky of me . I wanted to meet him…”

“If it’s you, you will definitely have another opportunity, Takumi-san . ”

I was not able to see Julius-sama when I brought Allen and Elena here, but I had not the luck even this time . He’s Austin-sama and Aurora-sama’s child, so I believe that he surely is a lovely child, but… I wasn’t able to confirm it .

“Are you two not sleepy?”

“”Is fine~!””

The time has already reached the time for children to sleep, but Allen and Elena don’t seem to be sleepy at all today .

“Thank you very much for today, Isaac-san . I hope there were no problems?”

“Everything was fine . The two were obedient and looked after Julius-sama . ”

“Eh, is that so?”

Hearing that Allen and Elena looked after a young child, I was surprised a little .

“Yes . Yes they read him a picture book very wonderfully . ”

“Heeh~ you read him a picture book, huh~ Aren’t you two amazing~!”

“”Ehehe~””

Hearing that Allen and Elena were not only obedient but even read Julius-sama a picture book, I was very impressed . When I praised them once more, the two laughed bashfully .

“Rather than that, Takumi-san!”

“Yes?”

But suddenly, Isaac-san looked serious, so I was wondering what he was going to say .

“The children read the book as if acting out a theater performance, was it you who have taught them?”

“…… Eh?”

He was making a serious face, so I was wondering what it was about, but it was about the way they read the book .

As if acting out a theater performance, he said . Isn’t he exaggerating a bit?

“… No, I only taught them how to read normally, I did not do something like that . ”

“Is that so? It was quite terrific, you know?”

“Eh? That much!?”

“Yes, their performance was nearly bringing the scenes to life . ”

“……”

Looking at Isaac-san’s expression, he wasn’t joking .

Watching me and Isaac-san having such a conversation, the two looked up at us as if asking “Are we amazing?”

“When did you manage to learn something like that? How incredible~”

“Obaasama did . ”

“Teach us~”

“”Eh?””

Hearing Allen and Elena’s words, Isaac-san and I raised our voices in surprise .

“Obaasama? Eh, Rebecca-san taught you that?”

“”Yeah . ””

“W, when did she manage that…”

Since living at the Ruven house, Allen and Elena certainly weren’t sticking to me all the time and spent some time with Rebecca-san too, but… it shouldn’t be that long .

In that short time, Rebecca-san managed to teach the two a way of reading that impressed Isaac-san so much?

“To teach them something like that without you even noticing… Madam Rebecca is quite a lady of character, isn’t she~”

“… Indeed . ”

There have already been several occasions Rebecca-san jumped the gun on me . Clothes with animal ears and even the preparations for this evening party . She makes me admire her skills on every occasion .

But well, she’s not a bad influence on Allen and Elena, so… let’s leave it at that .

“So you two are so skillful at reading books, huh~ Will you read your Oniichan the next time?”

“”Yeah, will read~””

“I see . Then, please do so . ”

A way of reading that impressed Isaac-san . I look forward to it .

“Shall we return then? Allen, Elena, give your thanks to Isaac-san . ”

“”Yup, thank you~””

“Thank you very much . I will prepare something to thank you the next time . ”

“Nono, I was just doing my job . Rather than preparing something to thank me with, won’t you visit our home the next time? Elder brother is eager to see you . ”

I see, because of the social season, Cedric-san must have come to the Capital!

What bad luck . I wasn’t able to meet him at the evening party .

“Then, he came with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun too?”

“Yes, the two want to see you as well . ”

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun apparently came with him to the Capital .

“Allen, Elena, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun want to see you! Do you want to visit them?”

“”Want! Tomorrow~?””

“Nono, tomorrow wouldn’t be possible . I will contact them and we will then decide on the day, so it would be a few days later . ”

“”Ehh~””

When I told Allen and Elena that they would be able to see Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, the two were obviously delighted .

However, understanding that they won’t be able to see them today or tomorrow, they got dejected .

“Fufu . I will make sure to let Elder brother know, so let’s see~… how about three days later at the noon?”

“There are no problems for us . ”

“I will tell him that then . ”

“Yes, please . ”

Seems like we will be able to see Cedric-san’s family sooner than I thought .

“Well then, it’s dark outside, so be careful on your way back . ”

“Yes, we understand . ”

Like this, my social debut (?) somehow ended with various happenings and an unexpected reunion .




Chapter 165

Three days after the evening party in the castle . We were invited to the Risner mansion in the Capital .

“Takumi-kun, thank you for coming . ”

“Long time no see, Cedric-san . ”

“”Hello~!””

“Hello, Allen-kun, Elena-san . You seem to be doing well . ”

“”We are well~!””

Allen and Elena who greeted Cedric-san then proceeded to greet Theodore-kun and Latis-kun .

“Oh my my, did Allen-kun and Elena-san become a little more sociable?”

“It seems to be more towards other children, but they have been acting on their own more than ever before~”

“As I thought, a child’s growth period really is eye opening~”

“Yes, truly . ”

I constantly feel like that in regards to the children’s growth .

Right at this moment, Allen and Elena are happily talking with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun . Even though they were clinging to me the last time around~

“I see . Cedric-san, I believe that you already heard from Isaac-san, but… you have become our guardian without your consent . ”

“Nono, if it’s to be a guardian of you and the children then I would do it happily even without His Majesty’s command . ”

It was the first time we met since he officially became our guardian, so when I conveyed him that, Cedric-san said that he would gladly become our guardian even if not ordered to .

Just as he said, Cedric-san has been taking care of us in one way or another since we met .

“… However, I am sorry for not being able to carry out my duty during the evening party . ”

But, Cedric-san who has accepted being my guardian together with Matthias-san apologized for not being by my side at the evening party .

“Not at all! You must have it difficult after coming to the Capital with things like courtesy calls! Please, don’t mind it!”

I panicked and conveyed to Cedric-san that there’s no need to apologize .

“Courtesy calls were same as always so I had no problems with that, but I was swarmed by people curious about the Dungeon you have found in our territory… I have ended up surrounded more than usual . ”

“Ahh, the Dungeon…”

To avoid people swarming me, Cedric-san has apparently made sure not to approach me at the evening party . Certainly, when the Lord of the territory where a new Dungeon was discovered came to an evening party… he would certainly attract many curious people around him . It has not been officially announced that I was the discoverer, but the nobles present at the previous audience know .

I thought I was surrounded by many people at that time, but… seems that I was naive .

“… Thank you very much for your consideration . ”

Recalling the scene that could have happened at the evening party, I frowned . Cedric-san giggled .

“Father, let’s move to the room and have tea . ”

“Allen-kun and Elena-chan brought yummy snacks!”

At that time, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun suggested moving the place .

“Indeed . Takumi-san, Allen-kun, Elena-san, this way please . ”

“Yes, thank you very much . ”

“”Yess~””

When we moved to the salon, Cedric-san immediately gave instructions to prepare tea .

“Huh?”

When I shifted my attention to the cup in front of me, there wasn’t a brown liquid with a tinge of red, but a yellowish liquid instead .

At opportunities like this, it would be generally the black tea that’s served, but… this seems to be a different beverage . But, it’s in a cup, not a glass, so it’s not fruit water, is it?

“I got hold of my favorite tea leaves, so I had that tea prepared . ”

“Your favorite tea?”

“Yes, it’s made outside the country, so I can enjoy it only occasionally . The tea leaves themselves are apparently the same, but they have their unique manufacturing method . The taste is a bit unusual, but I thought of having you give it a try . ”

“Heeh~ I am looking forward to it then . ”

I decided to try the tea right away .

“N!?”

The moment I drank that tea, I opened my eyes wide in surprise .

“”Onii~ chan?””

“Takumi-san? Is it perhaps not to your liking? It is a tea with a peculiar bitter taste after all . If that’s the case, you don’t need to be reserved . I will have something different prepared for you . ”

Cedric-san who was concerned about my reaction suggested preparing a different kind of tea .

“N, not at all! I’m fine . It’s very delicious! I was just surprised because this is tea that I was looking for . ”

I conveyed my impressions to Cedric-san in panic .

Because far from liking it, it’s the tea I was looking for! No, intended to look for .

I mean, this tea tastes like green tea——Sencha at that! Well, the bitterness is stronger and it’s not green in color, but yellowish enough to be considered golden .

“Where did you obtain this tea, Cedric-san?”

“This tea? The producing area is in Gretia, but the store that sells it is——”

When I asked which store sells this tea, unexpectedly, Cedric-san said that it was Russel-san’s store!

As I thought, he did have green tea among that huge selection of teas!

“The stock is not large, yes? Are they still selling it?”

“Let’s see . I don’t think there are many who buy it, so they should have some left, if lucky . ”

“I will have to take a look on our way back then . ”

“There’s no need for that . Let’s send someone to confirm right away . ”

As soon as Cedric-san spoke, a servant left towards the store .

“”Delish~? Can try?””

“Ah~ it might be a tad bitter for you two, I think . ”

“Bitter . ”

“Bleh~”

Seeing me wanting the tea leaves, Allen and Elena thought it was delicious and tried drinking the green tea .

Well, the flavor would be too bitter for children, so they honestly stated their dislike .

“Father, what about us?”

“I think you guys would find it too bitter as well . ”

“Is that so?”

“I dislike bitter things . ”

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun who were interested checked with their father, but as I thought, they don’t seem to like bitter things too .

“Well, there’s no need to force yourselves to drink . Theodore-kun, Latis-kun, how about some sweets?”

“I’d like to eat some!”

“Want!”

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

When I asked whether the children who were making bitter faces wanted to eat something sweet, they immediately raised their hands up .

“Hahaha~ Now then, what would you like?”

“Chocolate!”

“Pudding!”

While thinking about what to give Theodore-kun and Latis-kun to eat, Allen and Elena promptly stated their requests . But, rather than wanting to eat it themselves, it felt more like they wanted to let Theodore-kun and Latis-kun try it?

“What’s that, Takumi-san?”

“New food?”

“Indeed . You two have probably never eaten it before~”

“Whoa~ how fun . ”

“I want to quickly try it!”

“That’s right, Takumi-san . Please, let us give it a try quickly . ”

I think I heard Cedric-san’s voice while talking to Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, but… well, let’s not mind it .

“This is pudding and that is chocolate . Give it a try . ”

“””Ohhh~”””

The Risner father and sons started with the pudding .

“””Delicious!”””

The three finished their puddings in no time and then extended their hands for the chocolate .

“””!”””

“”Delish~?””

“”It’s delicious!””

“This is wonderful!”

Seeing the three’s expression loosen from deliciousness, I also became happier . After that, we talked about our recent happenings and what went on in the Risner fief . The time passed in a blink of an eye .

While returning, Allen and Elena said goodbye to Theodore-kun and Latis-kun with lonely expressions .

Well, I would like to meet with Cedric-san once more before he returns to his fief~

Ah, by the way, the servant who was sent to Russel-san’s shop was able to purchase Sencha and Cedric-san gifted it to me, so I was able to get my hands on green tea leaves .

On the other hand, Cedric-san was very pleased when I taught him the recipe for pudding instead of the ice cream recipe which I thought would be unsuitable during winter .

“That was fun, wasn’t it?”

“”Yeah, it was fun~””

We returned to the Ruven family’s house in a carriage on the verge of the sun setting down .




Chapter 166

“Thank you for coming, Takumi-san . ”

“No, thank you very much for inviting me . ”

Today, I was invited to a tea party at the castle .

I was informed that in addition to the evening party the other day, many noble households had sent invitations for salon and tea parties to me . And I also knew that I will have to attend some of them . I knew that, but… one of the invitations was apparently from Grace-sama .

I left the selection of the parties to attend to Rebecca-san, so I did not see whom the invitations were from~

Today, I decided to check the invitations, including the ones that were refused, upon returning to the mansion .

“You came, Takumi . ”

“Tristan-sama is attending too?”

It seems that besides Grace-sama who sent out the invitations, Tristan-sama, me, Allen and Elena, an elderly couple and ladies with their daughters were invited . The genders and age range were all over the place .

But, they were all who received Pastel Rabbits from me .

The room where the tea party was held was closed off so the Pastel Rabbits wouldn’t escape as the multi-colored rabbits were released in the room .

Is this perhaps a “Pastel Rabbits Enthusiast meeting”?

Ah, Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama——the young ladies who were keeping the Pastel Rabbits I brought from the forest are here too .

“”So many~!””

“Truly . You guys go play with Shiro and others too . ”

“”Yeah . ””

Although there are many Pastel Rabbits here, they all have different colors and collars, so we wouldn’t lose sight of our own pets .

When I released five of our Pastel Rabbits, Allen and Elena took them to the group of other Pastel Rabbits .

“Still, it’s overwhelming seeing so many in one place~”

“Fufu, aren’t they adorable . ”

Grace-sama patted an orchid-colored Pastel Rabbit that was on her lap while smiling .

“I heard that Pastel Rabbits were popular as pets, but seeing them like this, I now realize just how popular they are~”

“My, but you see, Takumi-san . I invited those who keep Pastel Rabbits this time so there are lots of them, but there are many more who want to keep them but cannot, you know?”

“Eh? T, that many?”

“Yes~ I also thought of buying one, but I don’t think I would be able to get one right away . That’s why I quickly jumped on board when I heard that you brought several Pastel Rabbits with you, Takumi-san . ”

Pastel Rabbits are truly difficult to capture, Grace-sama explained, but to be honest, I don’t believe that story a single bit . That’s because they approached us on their own and even on the converse, they didn’t want to separate from us .

Saying that they are cowards who escape at the first signs of human presence is unbelievable .

“”Onii~ chan!””

“Welcome back, Allen, Elena . Are Shiro and others getting along with the other children?”

“Yup, they are playing~”

“Also, you see~ they are eating~”

While doubting the ecology of Pastel Rabbits, Allen and Elena returned .

Shiro and others are apparently getting along with the other rabbits .

Is it because they are domesticated that they don’t run from other people that are not their owners? Ah~ I think I see a few rabbits hiding?

“”Ah! It’s the purple child!””

“You remember it? This is the child I got from Allen-kun and Elena-san . ”

“”Remember~!””

When Allen and Elena noticed the orchid Pastel Rabbit, they approached Grace-sama and patted it .

“”Name is~?””

“Fufu, this child is called Tolly . ”

“”Tolly! How cute~””

“Thank you . ”

It appears that Grace-sama named her Pastel Rabbit Tolly… no need to guess, the origin of the name comes from Tristan-sama, doesn’t it? I feel that Tristan-sama averted his gaze a bit when he heard Allen and Elena calling the Pastel Rabbit .

“What is it, Takumi?”

Tristan-sama who noticed me and realized what I was thinking smiled at me threateningly .

“………… It’s nothing . ”

I felt like that smile was telling me “don’t dwell too deeply into it”, so I decided to keep quiet .

But, I also felt that I was correct about the name .

“My, my, what are you talking about?”

“What, it’s between two men . ”

“Oh my, is that so? Rather than that, Takumi-san . Those young ladies seem to have a business with you . ”

When I turned around after Grace-sama pointed it out, I caught a sight of Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama who were peeking this way .

“With me? Not with Tristan-sama or Grace-sama?”

“It’s probably you, Takumi-san . But, they can’t call to you while we are here, so why don’t you try going away for a little, Takumi-san? If they have a business with us, you can bring them along instead . ”

I am most familiar with Tristan-sama and Grace-sama in here, so I stayed with them after giving my greetings, but… you normally can’t talk this intimately with the King and Queen, can you?

I am acquaintances with both Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama anyway, so let’s go greet them .

“Indeed . I shouldn’t stay here all the time, so I will go . Allen, Elena, let’s go~”

“”Yeess~ see you~””

“Fufu, take care . ”

After separating from Tristan-sama and Grace-sama, we went towards Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama .

“Lilika-sama, Sistina-sama, long time no see . ”

“Takumi-sama, long time no see . ”

“It has been a while!”

“”Hello~””

“Hello . ”

“Allen-kun, Elena-san, have you been well?”

“”Yup, been well~””

When I greeted them, they returned the greeting with smiles .

“Hey, where is Fleu~?”

“And Lian~?”

“You remember him! Fleur is doing well . He’s currently playing over there . ”

“Fufu, Lian is also playing with her friends . ”

Allen and Elena apparently remembered the names Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama gave their Pastel Rabbits, and when they asked about their whereabouts, Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama happily pointed in the direction of their rabbits .

“Green~ there!”

“Yes, that child is Fleur . ”

“Orange~ That child!”

“Correct . That is Lian . ”

I could see Lilika-sama’s light green Fleur and Sistina-sama’s orange Lian mingling with other Pastel Rabbits . They seem to be doing well and it seems that they have grown since we have brought them from the forest .

“”U, umm…””

They are being properly taken care of~ while thinking something like that, Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama called out to me at the same time . Then, the two exchanged glances and after nodding to each other as if confirming something, they looked at me with serious expressions .

“”Takumi-sama . ””

“Yes, what is it?”

“We have . ”

“A request for you . ”

“A request, is it?”

I waited for the next words of the two who wore very serious expressions .




Chapter 167

“Erm… what is it?”

“Umm… We were wondering since it’s you we are speaking about, wouldn’t you be able to get your hands on Pastel Rabbits again?”

“Get my hands on them? … Err, are you talking about capturing the wild Pastel Rabbits in the forest?”

“Yes, my cousin is eager to buy a Pastel Rabbit, but… she quite can’t find the opportunity to do so . She frequently comes to play with Fleur, but she cries when it’s time for her to leave…”

“It’s my little sister on my side… she wants to keep Lian herself…”

Is this… an adverse effect of me handing them the Pastel Rabbits, I wonder?

“I did put up a request to the Adventurer’s Guild, however… the receptionist at the Guild told me to not set my expectations too high . ”

“Ahh…”

The requests to capture Pastel Rabbits are low-ranked requests with considerably high remuneration, but the completion degree is quite difficult . High-ranked adventurers seldom accept this kind of requests and low-ranked adventurers accept them after being charmed by the rewards, but they mostly end in failure .

“Of course, we will prepare a suitable reward . ”

“We understand that we are being unreasonable, so we don’t mind if you tell us that it’s not possible . ”

So said Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama, but their eyes were getting teary, so there’s no way I could just plainly refuse .

“If it’s just taking a look around the forest once more…”

“Eh?”

“Truly!?”

Hearing my words, the two stared at me with sparkly eyes .

“”What~?””

“Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama are saying that they would like one more Pastel Rabbit each . We might be going to look for the Pastel Rabbits in the forest again, are you fine with that?”

“”Ohh~””

“Allen, will look~”

“Elena, will find~”

When I informed Allen and Elena that we might be going to the forest to search for Pastel Rabbits again, the two immediately got into high spirits .

“I can’t promise that we will be able to definitely capture them . Additionally, if you are fine with the condition of going to take a look just once, I will do my best to fulfill your request . ”

“Of course, we don’t mind!”

“Thank you very much, Takumi-sama!”

Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama were delighted even when I accepted their request with uncertainty .

But, thinking of Allen and Elena’s luck, I believe that the possibility of capturing Pastel Rabbits is quite high~ Well, I don’t want to give them short-lived elevation, so I won’t say anything about that~

“What color?”

“Should we look for~?”

“Color, is it?”

“Ermm…”

When Allen and Elena asked Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama what color of Pastel Rabbits they should be looking for, the two looked at me with troubled expressions .

“I don’t think we will be able to fulfill even your desired colors, but…”

“I am most aware of that . ”

“Indeed . Besides, Pastel Rabbits are adorable no matter the color, so there isn’t a problem . ”

“Truly! They are cute no matter the color!”

When I informed them that capturing rabbits of desired colors might be difficult, the two seemed to be aware of that . On the contrary, they engaged in a heated discussion about the cuteness of Pastel Rabbits .

“However, why don’t you tell the children your desired colors just in case? Ahh, of course, if there are colors you would prefer, that is . ”

“Fufu, thank you very much, Takumi-sama . —— Allen-san, Elena-san, my cousin loves the color yellow . Please, try looking for one of that color . ”

“Allen-san, Elena-san, my little sister likes pink and red colors, so I think she would be happy with any girlish color . ”

When Allen and Elena heard Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama’s desired colors, they puffed out their chests out as if saying “Leave it to us . ”

“Oh my! I am so looking forward to it~”

“Fufu, truly . ”

Talking with Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama a little longer, we then returned to Grace-sama’s place . I could understand that she was smiling at us even from a distance .

“Oh my, are you done already?”

“Yes . It’s as you said, Grace-sama . The two had a business with me . ”

“Fufu . Right? Their faces said so . ”

It appears that Grace-sama has read Lilika-sama and Grace-sama’s expressions . She did say that she’s skilled at reading people’s expressions~ As expected of her .

“By the way, Grace-sama . You said that there are many who want Pastel Rabbits, but are there really that many?”

“Yes, there are~ Oh my, Takumi-sama, did the girls perhaps ask about that?”

“Indeed . Well, I did not completely agree, but I did tell them that I will take a look in the forest one more time . ”

“My, my, the girls must have been happy to hear that, no?”

“Yes, well…”

Grace-sama told me how kindhearted I am, but I just couldn’t refuse .

Besides, if I really was kindhearted, I would tell them that I will definitely find Pastel Rabbits for them .

“Is it just me who thinks that these guys will definitely find Pastel Rabbits again?”

“No, I think so too . ”

“……”

At that moment, Tristan-sama who was listening in said so . Grace-sama agreed with his words .

I also thought just a little while “If it’s Allen and Elena…” so I can’t deny or interject .

“Will work hard~”

“WIll find them~”

Allen and Elena who stood by the side of the silent me, affirmed Tristan-sama’s words .

“Ohh, you are fully motivated . Do your best . ”

“My, my, do your best, you two . ”

“”Yeah!””

Being encouraged by Tristan-sama and Grace-sama, Allen and Elena smiled wholeheartedly .

After that, Allen and Elena jumped into the group of Pastel Rabbits and played with Shiro’s group and the Pastel Rabbits the other participants of the tea party brought .

Before long, the participants of the tea party who came mainly to admire Pastel Rabbits were admiring the Pastel Rabbits and my children who were playing with them .




Chapter 168

“Ah, it’s that flower!”

“They are over there too~”

“Although it’s the season for Ice Flower Grass to grow, this is quite incredible~”

The next day, we entered the forest to look for Pastel Rabbits without a delay .

However, instead of Pastel Rabbits, Allen and Elena found Ice Flower Grass in large groups one after another .

(Oniichan, Oniichan! An Ice and Snow Flower is growing over there!)

(I will pick it no!)

(Aniue, there are many Lemoné fruits over here . )

(Bolt, drop them from the tree, please . Vector and I will catch them . )

(Leave it to me!)

Joule and others also found herbs and fruits, so everyone was cooperating with picking and harvesting .

“… Oy~ Our goal today is not picking fruit and herbs~”

(We know~)

“”Pastel Rabbits~””

(Wait a moment please, Aniue . We will finish soon . )

Allen, Elena and Joule often get absorbed when they discover something, but it’s unusual for Bolt to get this absorbed in it too .

(Oh my, how unusual for Bolt, isn’t it?)

Before I noticed, Feat stood by my side .

And, she was finding Bolt’s actions curious just like me .

“You think so too, Feat?”

(Yeah . This is just my guess, but are Lemoné fruit Bolt’s favorite, by any chance?)

“I see, that might be the case . ”

He would like to pick many if it’s something he really likes .

Come to think of it, I have not been paying attention to the preferences of Joule and others enough~

They delightfully ate what I made, but they surely have their favorite ingredients, right? I should have asked .

“Rather, weren’t you going to catch the Lemoné fruit too, Feat?”

(Vector is doing his best, so I left it to him . Look . )

“N?”

When I looked at Vector after being prompted by Feat, I saw him splendidly catching the fruits Bolt dropped into a fruit basket . The fruit was being dropped quite fast, but Vector caught them all without missing a single one .

Moreover, he seems to be having lots of fun .

“Yeah, there certainly won’t be any problems by leaving it to Vector . ”

(Isn’t that right? That’s why I thought that I wasn’t required . )

“Indeed . Then, you should stay with me, Feat . ”

(Yeah! I have Niisama all for myself~♪)

Feat, who is a person of firm character was acting spoiled, so I patted her head . Feat then happily purred .

After patting Feat for a while, Allen and Elena who were collecting Ice Flower Grass returned in a hurry . Then, the two drew closer to me as if asking to be patted, so I did .

Next, Joule and Mile who went to pick Ice and Snow Flowers returned . When Joule jumped at us as if saying (Let me in too~), everybody tumbled down . His current appearances are bigger than originally, after all~ Well, I am glad we ended without injuries . Allen and Elena were frolicking with Joule for “revenge . ”

And lastly, Vector who held a fruit basket full of Lemoné fruits in his mouth and the satisfied-looking Bolt returned .

(I am sorry to have kept you waiting, Aniue . )

“You did not take that long, so don’t worry about it . ”

Bolt landed on my shoulder and apologized for taking too long, so I patted him and told him not to mind it . Vector quickly put the basket in front of me and joined the kids in frolicking . No, it’s not an exaggeration to say that he charged straight into them .

“Still, you picked quite a lot~ Is it because you are fond of Lemoné fruits, Bolt?”

(Yes! I love sweet and sour!)

“Ohh, so it was like that after all~”

Just as I expected, Bolt loves Lemoné fruit .

“I could have prepared it for you anytime if you asked . ”

(It’s because we, the Contracted Beasts, fundamentally don’t have the need to eat, and yet we are receiving food from Aniue, so… I didn’t want to trouble you any further…)

I was shocked by Bolt’s excuse . I knew that he had an earnest personality, but I did not think it would be to such extent .

“What are you saying, Bolt . In the first place, the ingredients and money used for the meals have been obtained by everyone’s hard work, you know? You don’t have to restrain yourself so much . ”

(However…)

“You are not forcing to eat the meals I cook, are you?”

(Absolutely not! I am always looking forward to it!)

“I see, I am glad to hear that . If you are pleased with the meals I make, I am also happy . Therefore, if you have something you want to eat, don’t hold back and ask me . ”

In the end, cooking is the best when you know there’s someone to enjoy .

“Why don’t we start with what we have and make a snack from the Lemoné fruit?”

(Really!? I am so happy! Thank you very much, Aniue!)

Bolt was very pleased with my proposal .

(It’s not fa~ir if it’s only Bolt!)

But, here I heard Joule’s dissatisfied voice .

“Now, now, Joule . Stop sulking . I will properly make the things you like too . ”

(Really!?)

“Really . I will make everyone’s favorite things . But, all at once wouldn’t be possible, so do it in turns . You guys should all think about what dishes you want to eat, be it with fruits or berries, meat or any ingredient you like . ”

(Yaay~ I am so looking forward to it~)

(What a bliss . Thank you, Niisama . )

(I want meat~♪)

(I am looking forward to it no!)

When I said that I will hear everyone’s request, Joule and others started giving the names of ingredients, saying “That would be nice, this would be good . ”

“What about Allen~?”

“And Elena~?”

“You sure can too, but… don’t I always ask what you want to eat?”

“”Ehehe~””

Not liking being left out, Allen and Elena asked what about them . But, when I pointed out that I always ask them what they want to eat, the two tried to gloss over it with a laugh . Therefore, when I rustled Allen and Elena’s hair, the two started giggling .

“Now then, we should start looking for the Pastel Rabbits~”

“”(((((Yeah~)))))””

When I called out the instructions because we have derailed from our original purpose quite a lot, everyone gave me a cheerful reply .

“Let’s go~”

“That way~”

Allen and Elena told me the direction of the Pastel Rabbits, so we advanced deeper into the forest .

(Hey, hey, Oniichan . )

“N? What is it, Joule . ”

(That flower… it was a medicinal plant, right?)

After walking for a while, Joule found a white flower and asked me half-confidently .

“Yeah, that’s Chamomile . A kind of an herb . ”

(Herb? Is it edible?)

“It’s used for a tea . Also… it can be used as a flavoring too . Errr… it has relaxing effects if I am not mistaken?”

(It can be used then? I will get it!)

Understanding that Chamomile isn’t just a flower and is usable, Joule immediately broke into a run .

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

Allen and Elena undauntedly chased after Joule .

“Ahh~ we are derailing again~”

Securing things that can be eaten or used no matter what is apparently the motto of my children . My Infinite Storage gets full every time we go out .

Well, I have also mania for collecting things, so I can’t really say anything here~

“With moderation, okay~”

“”(Yess~)””

First of all, I cautioned them to not pick too much .

(Niisama, are you fine with not stopping them?)

“We can just stay a night out if we don’t have enough time . It’s quite cold, but it’s not unbearable and we should be able to keep ourselves warm by sticking to you guys . ”

(Fufu, leave it to me then . I won’t let you get cold, Niisama . )

“We will be in your care then . Besides, it will be fine even if we don’t find any Pastel Rabbits . ”

(Oh my, Niisama saying that again~ You are thinking that the possibility of not coming across them is highly unlikely, right?)

“… Well, you are right . ”

While talking about something like that with Feat, Allen and Elena who were picking the Chamomile stared fixedly at a certain place .

“”There!””

It seems that Allen and Elena discovered a Pastel Rabbit that was hiding in a bush .




Chapter 169

(Oh~ there it is~)

(Oh my, truly . It’s a white child . )

(Look nano! There are more behind no!)

(Certainly, there’s two, no three . )

(Ehh~ where~? I can’t see . )

Allen and Elena really did find the elusive Pastel Rabbits right away . Moreover, it appears that it wasn’t only one white Pastel Rabbit, but several rabbits at once .

“”Catch them~?””

“Yeah . But, should we send only you guys after them? As expected, if Joule and others approach, the Pastel Rabbits would escape . ”

(Truly~ All of us are considered predators for them except Mile . )

“”Got it~””

Wolf, tiger, lion and a hawk . Each of them are predators the bunnies would fear .

“”Come here~””

Allen and Elena stepped forward, crouched down and gently called the Pastel Rabbits over .

Then, the Pastel Rabbits that were hiding in the bush showed their heads all of sudden .

Even though Pastel Rabbits are supposed to fear humans~ truly mysterious .

“… I wonder why?”

(Oh my, they came out, did they not? As expected of Allen-chan and Elena-chan!)

Why are they coming out without escaping?

As I spoke in bewilderement, Feat praised Allen and Elena .

(Wow~ You are amazing, Allen, Elena . )

(How strange~)

(Is it because it’s Allen and Elena?)

(That’s amazing, I can consent to that no!)

Joule, Vector, Bolt, and Mile looked at the children with admiration .

“”Good child~””

Before I noticed, the white Pastel Rabbit snuggled up to Allen and Elena’s hands .

“… The blue one and black one are also coming out, huh . ”

(Whoa~ they are lining up before Allen and Elena~)

(As expected of them no~)

As if envious of the white Pastel Rabbit that was being patted, the blue and black Pastel Rabbits hopped with their utmost effort towards Allen and Elena .

After patting the two animals to their satisfaction, Allen took the white and blue rabbits into his arms while Elena took the blue one and they returned to us .

“”We are back~””

“Welcome back . You have caught them splendidly~”

Even though “coming here = coming to predators” the Pastel Rabbits were calmly twitching their noses in Allen and Elena’s arms .

(They are not afraid at all, aren’t they?)

When Feat approached the face of the black rabbit in Elena’s hands, the Pastel Rabbit was completely calm .

(Really~)

(Garu~n)

Joule and Vector got closer to the rabbits in Allen’s arms, but they really did not even flinch .

“… I can’t tell whether their senses are dull or they are just too courageous . ”

(Aniue, did we complete the request with this?)

“N? Ah~ it would seem so . ”

They said the color doesn’t matter, so there wouldn’t be a problem with finishing the search for the Pastel Rabbits here .

“Yellow~?”

“Red~?”

But, it seems that Allen and Elena were holding the colors Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama specified in mind .

“They did not say they have to be yellow and red, you know?”

“Ehh~”

“But~”

… They want to continue searching .

Do I make a compromise or be selfish?

“Got it, I got it . It’s not that long since we entered the forest, so why don’t we look for a little longer?”

((Yeah, let’s look~))

When I acknowledged Allen and Elena’s plead, the two raised their hands up with whole-faced smiles .

“Look, place these children in here . ”

“”Yess~””

I took a basket from my Infinite Storage and had Allen and Elena place the Pastel Rabbits in it . When I put vegetables inside just in case, the three animals immediately dug in .

“They were~”

“Hungry?”

“… Seems like it . ”

Were they troubled with food because it’s winter? No, but there are grasses and fruits all around, so that doesn’t seem to be the case .

“Well, we have more vegetables than needed . Now then, which way do we go?”

“”N~ you see… that way!””

When I asked Allen and Elena for the directions, they pointed towards a mountain .

“That way, huh . ”

“”Yeah . ””

(Let’s go, let’s go!)

After resuming the search deep in the forest——

(There are red flowers over there~)

(That’s Red Hermit Flower . You found a rare flower there, Joule . )

“This~”

“Looks like Sunshine?”

(You are right indeed . That is Sunshine Herb no doubt . )

(Niichan, it’s the tasty one!)

“Vector, it’s Snow Bean nano! Let’s get it no!)

The children found medicinal plants after ingredients and picked them up .

“Ah!”

“There!”

Moreover, the two Pastel Rabbit they found were yellow and purple ones .

“Red~♪”

“Pink~♪”

“Will we find them~♪”

“Come out~♪”

Allen and Elena who found a yellow Pastel Rabbit searched for the next Pastel Rabbit while singing a song in a good mood .




Chapter 170

As we ascended the mountain in search of Pastel Rabbits, the weather grew colder .

“Whoa! The entire area here is covered in snow . ”

“Fluffy~”

“What is this~?”

“This is snow . Snow . ”

“”Snow~?””

I heard that it doesn’t snow much in Guardia Country even in winter, but because we were at a mountain, there was at least thirty centimeters of snow piled up on the ground .

“”So cold~””

This was the first time seeing snow for Allen and Elena, so they squatted down while touching the snow in wonder .

“It’s cold, right? Here, put on the mufflers and wear the gloves . ”

Panicking because the hands of Allen and Elena turned red from touching the snow barehanded, I made them wear the heavy winter clothing .

I am really thankful to Rebecca-san . The various things she ordered while having the costumes made came of use .

“”Unya!””

Then, all of sudden, snow came flying into Allen and Elena’s faces .

(Bullseye~)

(Garu~n♪)

Joule and Vector were flinging snow with their forepaws .

“”Horya~””

Allen and Elena scooped the snow with both of their hands and aimed at Joule and Vector in retaliation .

(It won’t hit~)

(Tough luck~♪)

However, Joule and Vector read the children’s actions and easily avoided the snow .

“”Au~””

“Allen, Elena, the snow hardens when you squeeze circularly it in this way . ”

“”Ohh~””

I showed the frustrated Allen and Elena how to make snowballs .

“”Sorya~””

Understanding what to do with that snowball, Allen and Elena quickly formed theirs and threw them at Joule and Vector .

(Whoa! That’s not fair!)

(Close one!)

Joule and Vector barely dodged the high-speed snowballs that were thrown at them .

“”Muu~””

“Allen, Elena, don’t be throwing the snowballs seriously . If you two throw with all of your might, even Joule and Vector might end up getting injured . ”

“”Yess~””

When I cautioned Allen and Elena who were getting more and more fired up from having their snowballs avoided as well, they returned cheerfull replies .

(Wha, Oniichan! You are not stoping them!?)

“I mean, it’s Joule and Vector who threw the snow first . ”

((Ehh~))

Seeing Allen and Elena’s state, Joule and Vector began panicking .

(That’s what you get for being mischevious, Joule, Vector . )

(They are like kids nano!)

(Indeed . )

Feat, Mile, and Bolt shook their heads in disapprovement .

(Still, Allen and Elena seem to be having fun, don’t they?)

(Yes, they are chasing after them cheerfully . )

(But but, Joule and Vector are running away with a great vigor no~)

They heartwarmingly watched Allen and Elena making snowballs and chasing after the escaping Joule and Vector .

“Yaa~”

(Hold up, Allen!? That’s way too fast!?)

“Hoi!”

(Wah~ Elena~ go a bit easier on me~)

Happy that Joule and Vector weren’t able to make snowballs and were forced on the defense, Allen and Elena were really enjoying themselves .

(They don’t hold back, do they~)

(They got them~)

Joule and Vector were running away with all of their might, but they soon gave in and got hit by the snowballs .

“”We won~!””

Seeing the two animals in defeat, Allen and Elena showed triumphant expressions .

They even proudly declared their victory .

(Hey~ Niichan, Niichan . )

The nose of Vector who was lying feebly on the ground suddenly started twitching .

“N? What’s the matter, Vector?”

(Somehow, I smell a nice scent from below here~)

“Smell? Is perhaps something buried under the snow?”

(Seems like it! I will dig it up!)

Vector vigorously stood up and begun digging on the spot .

“”What’s going on~?””

“He apparently smelled something . ”

All the children gathered upon seeing Vector’s actions .

(He’s right . What a nice smell~)

(Truly~)

Joule and Feat also sniffed the scent and agreed .

(This is it!)

After watching Vector dig for a while, he came out with about ten centimeters large bluish mushroom .

“That’s Snowbelow Mushroom . That’s quite a rare mushroom you have found again~”

As its name suggests, Snowbelow Mushrooms grow under the snow .

It has a unique ecology of not growing without enough snow piled up on top of it, and because it’s difficult to excavate it with all the snow on top of it, it doesn’t appear on the market that much .

Of course, because of its good taste and charming texture, it’s considered a high-class item .

There should have been a request for Snowbelow Mushrooms at the Adventurer’s Guild too, but if I remember correctly… it should be a B-rank request with a considerably high degree of difficulty .

(He splendidly split it in two halves though~)

(Vector was digging too vigorously, wasn’t he~)

(It’s value has been cut in half . )

(How unfortunate no~)

(… Garu~n . )

These guys have no mercy~

Vector was obviously feeling down from Joule, Feat, Bolt, and Mile’s words .

“Now, now, don’t tease him like that, everyone . Vector, it would get cut while cooking anyway, so it doesn’t matter that it’s split in half . Thank you for finding it . ”

(Garun!)

When I lightly tapped Vector’s head, he rubbed his head against my belly .

Allen and Elena also came over and patted him .

(It certainly gets cut while cooking, doesn’t it~)

(Indeed . The shape is irrelevant, isn’t it?)

(Yes . There’s no problem if we are not selling it . )

(Besides, besides, there still might be more Snowbelows around here nano!)

Seeing me, Allen, and Elena comforting Vector, everyone started panicking .

The reason they were taking glances at me while speaking, were they worried that I was angry?

“… I am not angry, you know?”

When I tried whispering such, everyone showed relief .

As I thought, they were worried about it .

And then after that, the children looked for more Snowbelows on good terms .

Because this place’s conditions were perfect for the growth of Snowbelow Mushrooms, and the snow was easy to dig in, the children found one Snowbelow after another . We successfully picked a large number of mushrooms .

… We forgot about the Pastel Rabbits because of the snow and mushrooms though~




Chapter 171

“We got completely absorbed, didn’t we~”

It was already evening before I noticed .

“Will we make it before the closing of gates if Joule and others run at full speed?”

“But red~?”

“And pink~?”

While thinking of hurrying back, Allen and Elena were still set on catching the red and pink Pastel Rabbits .

(Let’s stay the night!)

(That might be good!)

Joule and Feat were also suggesting making a camp .

(I will be a bed~)

(You won’t be cold if everyone huddles together no!)

Vector declared that we can sleep on him when going to bed and Mile supported his claims .

We have already accomplished our objective, so there really is no need to camp here though .

“We may have equipment for the cold, but that doesn’t change the fact that it will get even colder under the night sky, you know?”

(Then, I will look for a cave to stay in!)

Hearing my words, Bolt immediately flew away to search for a cave .

… Even before I could say “Let’s return” .

“Gee~ can’t be helped~”

Bolt will surely return after finding a reasonable cave . It would be better than staying under the night sky and we can rely on the furs of Joule and others for the rest .

“We can’t stay outside in current season, we are returning to the town in the morning, alright?”

“”((((Yee~s))))””

The children gave a cheerful reply . When I peeked at the children’s faces, they were making “We did it” expressions .

Were the children cooperating and aiming for this kind of development… or something? … No, surely not~

Bolt who returned after a while has really located a suitable cave .

“The depth and wideness are just right too . ”

(I am glad to hear that . )

It really was warm inside the cave and even Vector who sometimes returns to his original size to sleep fit without any problems . While that may be true, it wasn’t too wide . I don’t have to worry about the children catching a cold while sleeping here .

“We decided on the place to sleep, how about a dinner? Since we picked them today, how about eating hotpot with the Snowbelow Mushrooms~?”

“”Hotpot~””

We have secured the place to sleep, so I decided to prepare dinner . The menu is a mushroom hotpot with many kinds of mushrooms .

How about the seasonings? Soy sauce?

(I am looking forward to it~)

(Niichan, put lots of mushrooms in it, okay♪)

Joule and Vector approached me who started preparing dinner and watched me cook .

I had to warn Vector who nearly put his face into the pot to smell once everything cooked together .

“N~”

“”Delish~””

The Snowbelow mushrooms had a really mouth-melting texture .

(This is delicious~) Joule

(It’s truly delicious~) Feat

(What an amusing texture . ) Bolt

(I love this!) Vector

(It’s delicious no!) Mile

Joule and others praised it highly . Since I could not say no to the children who wanted to pick Snowbelows on the way, we got quite a lot of them .

After chatting a little after the meal, I leaned against Vector who returned to his original size to go to sleep earlier than usual . Then, Allen and Elena clung to both of my sides . Joule and Feat cuddled to us and Bolt and Mile rounded themselves on top of my abdomen . On the occasion, I summoned Shiro and all of my contracted Pastel Rabbits .

“”So warm~””

We really were warm being huddled together with everyone, so we immediately fell asleep .

And, the next day .

“… The hell is this . ”

I could only speak out in a daze at the spectacle before me .

“”So many~””

(It seems they came while we were sleeping, huh . ) Joule

(I have not noticed them at all . ) Feat

(Their presence detection is apparently incredible, but erasing their own presence also seems to be their specialty . ) Bolt

(Wow~) Vector

(Truly no! For us to not notice at all, they are amazing no!) Mile

When we woke up, there was a massive amount of Pastel Rabbits around us .

“Is this cave a nest of Pastel Rabbits or something?”

It was confusing so I immediately put Shiro and others back into my shadow, but even still, there was twelve, maybe thirteen rabbits .

Are the five rabbits we caught yesterday among them? Is what I thought, but the Pastel Rabbits we caught yesterday were obediently staying in the basket without running away .

There was no lid on the basket so they could have escaped if they wanted, but not a single one escaped . Far from that, two rabbits have apparently entered the basket so there’s more than yesterday .

“Red child~”

“Pink is there too~”

“Indeed . Rather, they have all kinds of colors… so colorful . ”

Apparently, we were able to complete the Pastel Rabbit search we wanted to do today .

“Then, are we bringing back only the yellow, red, and pink ones?”

This time, we can bring with us only the Pastel Rabbits Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama wanted .

“”(((((Eh?)))))””

Finding my words unexpected, the children looked at me with surprised faces .

“”Why~””

(Three only? Only three?)

(There’s so many though!?)

Allen, Elena, Joule and Vector couldn’t understand .

(But, yeah . Unlike herbs and fruits, it won’t end just with finding them, right~) Feat

(Yes, they are living beings after all . ) Bolt

(That’s right no!) Mile

Although surprised, Feat, Bolt, and Mile immediately nodded in consent .

“”Won’t give~?””

“This time, we accepted in the form of a request after all . We can’t simply give them to this person or that person . ”

In case we caught Pastel Rabbits, they will be delivered to Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama through the Adventurer’s Guild .

Of course, we are receiving an appropriate reward .

I was hesitating to sell off the Pastel Rabbits the last time, so I had Matthias-san help me to search for takers, but… it’s not like we can do that this time too .

People will surely end up saying “Me too” if we irresponsibly give them away . It would be troublesome if it became like that, that’s why I accepted it as a request through the Adventurer’s Guild .

“Theodore-kun!”

“Latis-kun!”

“Correct . That’s why I intended to ask if they would like the remaining rabbit . ”

“Larry-kun!”

“Helena-chan!”

“Eh?”

Either red or pink Pastel Rabbit would remain in our hands, so I was thinking whether the children of the Risner family would like to care after him .

However, Allen and Elena seem to want to give Pastel Rabbits to Larry-san and Helena-san of the McPherson family too . ***

N~ it might seem like we are forcing the rabbits on them if approached untactfully . Well, I think that those two will surely accept them gladly though~

“… One more it is then . Allen, Elena, choose one more Pastel Rabbit . ”

If it doesn’t work out with the McPherson family, I would be able to somehow manage with one more animal .

After I had Allen and Elena agree with it, the two were about to choose a Pastel Rabbit . But——

“”Au~~~””

All of the Pastel Rabbits gathered around Allen and Elena’s feet… as if saying take me with you .

“Do these Pastel Rabbits understand our words?”

(N~ I wonder?) Joule

(From the looks of it, they do . ) Feat

(However, the intelligence of Pastel Rabbits shouldn’t be that high, no?) Bolt

(Instincts?) Vector

(The stubbornness to move to a safer place nano!) Mile

As I thought, even Joule and others don’t understand the language of Pastel Rabbits .

“We cannot keep you all and we cannot entrust you to people we don’t trust . Therefore, even if you desire to come with us, you might end up getting sold off, you know?”

When I tried persuading the Pastel Rabbits with words, they swarmed us even closer .

Isn’t that strange?

(Rather than living in the wild, they seem to prefer being kept as pets~ Well, they are weak, so it’s only natural, I guess?) Joule

“Why are they running from the adventurers that come to capture them then? If they want to be kept, they should approach them instead, no?”

(N~ isn’t it because the adventurers that come are dazzled with enthusiasm? That’s why they are scared of them or something?) Joule

“……”

I was in agreement with Joule’s words .

“”Bring them~?””

“Let’s see…”

Even if we leave them here, the Pastel Rabbits will surely follow .

Well, we will be able to shake them off if we ride Joule and others, but…——

“I don’t want to sell living creatures much, but Grace-sama did say that there’s a shortage of Pastel Rabbits . Let’s take them . ”

“”Ohh~””

I decided to take all the Pastel Rabbits here with us .

That being decided, we immediately went back . But, on the way back, the children did not forget to look for Snowbelow Mushrooms, so we returned to the town while picking mushrooms .




Chapter 172

When we returned to the town, we went straight to the Adventurer’s Guild .

Along the way, we were gathering great attention .

“My! My oh my! You did something incredible again, Takumi-san~”

When we entered the Guild, Keimi-san immediately came to greet us, but she spread the words of surprise and disbelief instead .

Allen and Elena were holding two Pastel Rabbits in their hands each, while having another one sitting on their heads . And because I had the basket with another six Pastel Rabbits in each of my hands, so it might have been inevitable .

“You must have been stared at greatly up until now, right?”

“Yes, enough to make me pray that it stops…”

Most of the gazes were of envy and curiosity, but to be frank, they made me feel gloomy .

“Anyhow, Keimi-san . I’m thinking of reporting the completion of the request to the Stanval and Müller families first, may I ask you to do the procedures for us?”

“Yes, I got it . I will do it right away . ”

We moved to a separate room and Keimi-san began working on the procedures .

“The yellow one belongs to the Stanval family and please let the Müller family choose from either the red or pink one . ”

“Erm, yellow one is for the Stanval family, Müller family will choose one from the red and pink one? Roger . And so, what about these children? Are you taking them?”

“I planned on taking only two back, but… how many requests for Pastel Rabbits are there? There will be fourteen rabbits left…”

I might as well take the rabbits for the Risner and McPherson families too, but there surely isn’t that many Pastel Rabbit capture requests, no?

“There are at least twenty of Pastel Rabbit capture request, so there is no problem . Rather, the rabbits are very welcome . I am so thankful~”

… More than twenty . So there are so many requests for Pastel Rabbits, huh~

I felt sorry to the other adventurers for completing their requests, but it was a needless worry .

“There are so many requests? There weren’t that many displayed on the request board, right?”

“Yes, indeed . Only requests with higher priority and those with better conditions are displayed on the board . We are not proud of this, but it would not be possible to display all of the requests . ”

“Ah, that’s so, isn’t it?”

The adventurers are completing requests every day, yet the request board is always full . That’s because new requests are coming in too, but there were requests that weren’t displayed before as well .

“I shall process the requests to the highest bidders then, is that fine with you?”

Keimi-san checked with me whether it’s all right to process the remaining Pastel Rabbits for the requests .

“Yes . No… wait a moment please . ”

I don’t know what is considered high and low amount of money for the request, but wouldn’t it feel a bit awkward to give the rabbits to the highest bidders?

“In the first place, are there requests on Pastel Rabbits based on their color?”

“There’s a few of them like that, yes . Most of the request had not specified it, though . Obtaining the desired color would likely increase the price of the request, after all . ”

“I see . Keimi-san, I am sorry to say this, but would it be possible to show us all of the requests for the Pastel Rabbits?”

“N? Do you have some idea? Got it, I will arrange it immediately . ”

“Thank you . ”

Keimi-san left her seat and went to gather the people .

“Allen, Elena, you better decide on what children you are going to take to Theodore-kun’s and Larry-kun’s homes now . ”

“”One bunny~?””

“Indeed, let’s leave it at one this time . ”

“”N~ … Got it . ””

Allen and Elena chatted “this one or that one” among themselves .

“”Decided~!””

“You decided? Then, for Theodore-kun’s family——”

“Blue~!”

“The blue child, and for Larry-kun’s family——”

“White~!”

“White child, I see . Then, hold on those two children and place others in the baskets . ”

“”Yess~””

Just as we decided on the remaining two, Keimi-san returned .

“Sorry for the wait~”

“Keimi-san, you were fast… —— Are all of these requests for the Pastel Rabbits? Somehow… aren’t there way too many?”

Keimi-san who returned was holding a considerably thick bundle of papers . All of those are requests for Pastel Rabbits… are they? From the looks of it, isn’t there more than thirty?

“After you brought so many Pastel Rabbits back, Mikina who saw that gathered all of the requests . It was astonishing to see~ I also didn’t know the number of requests precisely, but… it seems that there were this many . ”

Keimi-san also didn’t expect this many requests as a wry smile floated on her face .

“… They are more popular than what I heard, aren’t they~”

“Fufu, indeed they are . Well, Pastel Rabbits are this cute after all, so it can’t really be helped . ”

“Truly . —— Ah, would you mind if I looked at the requests?”

“Of course not . Here, take a look . ”

I received the bundle of requests from Keimi-san and skimmed through the contents .

As Keimi-san, there were only a few requests that specified the color, there was no other description in particular . The presentations of the requests were all loose, the most differences were in the money columns .

“Are there any requests that the guilds want to prioritize?”

“Let’s see~ Speaking of it, there are? —— Err, this one and this one, I think?”

Keimi-san pulled two requests from the bundle and handed them to me .

“They are the guild’s frequent customers . Ah, but you don’t have to mind it, Takumi-san . ”

When I looked at the requests Keimi-san handed me over, both of them were paying a large sum for the fulfillment of the request . Well, it’s not like there was a problem with that, so I decided to accept those two requests and lined up neatly the rest of the requests on the table .

“Allen, Elena, choose twelve from these . ”

“”Twelve~?””

“Yep, twelve . You are choosing people whom you will be giving the Pastel Rabbits . ”

“”Understood~””

When I informed them that they will be choosing owners of the Pastel Rabbits, Allen and Elena stared at the papers earnestly .

“This! One~!”

“This too! Two~!”

Allen and Elena pulled a paper each and handed it to me .

And then, they stared earnestly at the lined up requests again .

“Three~”

“Four~”

They choose seriously each and every one of them .

“Eleven . ”

“Twelve . ”

“”Done!””

“Yes, thank you . —— Then, Keimi-san, let’s go with these fourteen . ”

When I handed Keimi-san the two requests of her frequent customers with the twelve requests Allen and Elena chose, she was making a face of disbelief .

“What a novel way of choosing . This is my first time seeing this kind of method to choose . ”

Well, that’s correct . Normally, one would choose according to what Keimi-san said in the beginning, the requests with the biggest commission .

People seldom choose via a lottery-like method like this .

“Allen and Elena helped to catch the Pastel Rabbits too, after all . Therefore, they have the right to choose the future owners . ”

That’s only for the public ear to hear, I just did not want to choose according to the commission .

We left the Guild after leaving the Pastel Rabbits with Keimi-san and took the two Pastel Rabbits to the Risners and McPhersons on the way home . In spite of our sudden visit and talks of keeping the Pastel Rabbits, both families delightfully accepted . Therefore, we could feel at ease from being able to entrust them with the Pastel Rabbits .

“We are home, Rebecca-san . ”

“”We are home~””

“Welcome back . Did you have fun?”

“”Yeah! You see~””

“We have~”

“A souvenir~”

“Oh my, a souvenir? I’m happy~”

When we handed over the Snowbelow Mushrooms to Rebecca-san who came to greet us after returning to the Ruven house, Head Chef Berry who was coming through told me “Don’t bring such high-grade ingredients so readily, please . ” in tears . By readily, he probably means the Majesta fruit and three-colored truffles… just about this? Ahhh, is the General Orc and Armored Buffalo also included in the high-grade ingredients?

But well, as for me, I would like to get rid of such things as high-grade ingredients and rare items .

And then, the next day, letters of gratitude from the Stanval and Müller families arrived, but it was clear that they were delighted .

Moreover, it seems that there were acquaintances of Lilika-sama and Sistina-sama among the clients selected through the lottery method, according to the letters . Apparently, the Pastel Rabbits we entrusted to the Guild are being loved too .




Chapter 173

“Sorry for calling you all of sudden . ”

“No, it’s fine . What do you need from me?”

Today, we were called to the Knights Order by the second prince, Felix-sama, who also acts as the Knight Commander .

“I have a request for you, Takumi-dono . ”

“A request, is it?”

“Yes, I’d like for you to go together with Alfried to the Meat Dungeon . ”

“Meat, dungeon… is it?”

There, he asked me to accompany Al-sama to a dungeon, but… I was puzzled by the name of the dungeon that was unknown to me .

That’s because I have no knowledge of this “Meat Dungeon” . The knowledge I possess has been inserted by Syl, so I was sure there were 108 dungeons in total .

That’s why even though I am aware of dungeons the people of Aetherdia aren’t, the opposite shouldn’t be possible .

“Your Highness, Takumi-san might not be aware of the dungeon’s popular nickname . ”

“N? Ahh, I see . Pardon me, Takumi-dono . The Meat Dungeon I am talking about is the 65th Dungeon ‘Huge Animals . ’”

When pointed out by Isaac-san who was also present, Felix-sama corrected himself .

I see, it was a nickname . Yep, that would explain why it isn’t among my knowledge .

… Rather, I have been going to the castle (meeting with the royalty) quite a lot recently, and Isaac-san seems to have been nominated as the person in charge of me, but is that just my imagination? Moreover, he followed-up for me many times already too~

Is it perhaps because he’s from the Risner family that became our guardians… or something? But, Wald-sama would be in the same position then, but Wald-sama is not here . Well, I am sorry to Wald-sama, but I would not like being followed-up by him~

“That dungeon is full of large monsters, you see . Additionally, the dropped items are mostly edible meats, that’s why it’s called ‘Meat Dungeon’ by the public . ”

“Heeh~”

“Dungeon of Huge Animals” is one of the intermediate dungeons, it has no attribute, it’s a dungeon of a special class, and it’s apparently very close to the Capital .

Still, for meat to be the common drop? That’s quite an interesting dungeon if I say so myself .

“Al-sama is going to that very dungeon? A prince is?”

“Yeah, there are some circumstances because of which Alfried has to go personally . ”

“Would it be better for me to not ask what those circumstances are?”

“No, it’s not like it’s a secret or anything . That… a cunning, nagging old man has assigned duty for Alfried to complete… then this and that happened, you see . ”

“?”

I don’t know what that cunning old man said, but Al-sama has to go to the dungeon because of that?

Yep, I don’t get it . Well, looking at the evasive Felix-sama, I can tell it’s nothing worthy .

After all is said and done, he named the other party as a cunning old man .

“And so, the request for me is to act as his guard?”

“Yes . We intend on adding a few Knights as guards too . There’s a difference between the having the knowledge and experiencing the dungeons for yourself, after all . I would like you to accompany him as well, Takumi-dono . ”

So we aren’t the sole guards?

In that case, were something to happen, we can keep the monsters company while the Knights protect Al-sama . Something like that?

“Is capturing the dungeon not the objective then? Do you have a number of floors in mind?”

“Far from capturing the dungeon itself . The objective this time is to obtain the meat of Flamesaurus that resides on the twelfth floor . ”

“Flamesaurus meat, is it?”

Flamesaurus, huh . A C-ranked, huge lizard that bursts into flames .

“”Tasty~?””

Allen and Elena who were obedient up until now showed great interest when talking about meat .

They have not eaten Flamesaurus meat before, after all~

“N? The Flamesaurus meat? It’s quite delicious meat . ”

“”Ohh~””

“Allen wants to eat~”

“Elena too~”

“”Let’s go, to the dungeon~!””

Hearing that it’s delicious, the children were suddenly eager to go .

And, they pulled on my clothes as if saying “Let’s go immediately . ”

“Hey, hey, we are still in the middle of the talk, no?”

When I cautioned the children, they both stared fixedly at Felix-sama .

“… Err, so, may I believe that you have accepted the request?”

Felix-sama’s words were clogged up after being silently stared at by Allen and Elena, but he immediately continued the talk .

“Yes, if you consent for the children going too, then I will accept . ”

“Naturally . Thank you for accepting . ”

After accepting the request from Felix-sama, we went to meet with Al-sama straight away .

That’s because Al-sama will be the one telling us the details and the date of departure .

“Sorry about this, Takumi . ”

After meeting up with Al-sama, his first words were those of apology .

We really just met, so I stiffened for a little in surprise .

“Eh? Wha, Al-sama? What’s the matter?”

“What are you saying, did I not get you involved like this, this time?”

“Get us involved? How did it turn out like that? I was only offered a request, which I accepted, you know?”

The reason we are going to the dungeon is because I heard the story and decided to accept the request . I definitely wasn’t dragged into the matter, and definitely not coerced .

“That’s ture . However…”

Although I did not blame him, Al-sama felt complicated and couldn’t consent .

“”Let’s quickly go, to the dungeon~?””

“As you can see, my children are this eager to go, so you don’t really have to mind it . —— Allen, Elena, it’s not your first time meeting, but you should at least introduce yourselves . ”

When I urged the children to introduce themselves to Al-sama after recalling their first time meeting with him, the children cheerfully introduced themselves .

“The yummy meat~”

“Will gather lots~”

And, they exposed their appetite .

“Meat is certainly this time’s objective, but… we won’t be getting that much, you know?”

“”No way~ lots~!””

“You are going to get many?”

“”Yeah, many~!””

“… Takumi, these children seem to be in extremely high spirits . ”

Al-sama was slightly dumbfounded by the children’s state .

“Yes, that is so . And so, have you decided on the time of departure?”

“I am ready any time as long as the Knights that are going to accompany us are decided . ”

“Your Highness, please excuse me for cutting in your conversation, but the Knights that will accompany you to the dungeon have been already selected . ”

“Is that so?”

“Yes, we were already officially notified by His Highness Felix-sama . ”

Najack-sama informed us that the knights who will be accompanying Al-sama to the dungeon as guards were already selected .

And since he said “we were already officially notified” it means that Najack-sama will be going as well . Well, Najack-sama is Al-sama’s personal guard, so it’s only given that he’s going, right?

“I see… but, Takumi heard about it only today, right? Don’t you have preparations to make?”

“No, we are ready any time . Even if you say ‘Let us go right away’ that is . ”

“As expected, going right away would not be possible . ”

“Hahaha~ I know . ”

Even though we would be good to go even if Al-sama said “Let’s depart right away then” I understand that it would not be possible .

“Then, how about three days later?”

“Yes, I understand . ”

The day of departure to the dungeon has been settled on three days from now on .

“”Ehh~ we are not going today~?””

Allen and Elena were dissatisfied with these three days .

The two definitely want to go to the dungeon right about now .

“Don’t you guys want to have delicious meals in the dungeon?”

“Delish . ”

“Meals . ”

“”Want~””

“I will prepare many tasty meals before going to the dungeon . Look, I might make some snacks too, you know?”

Although I could cook something on the spot, having something ready to eat in the Infinite Storage would make me more at ease . Besides, it might be good to prepare some snacks for when they get hungry .

“Got it~!”

“Three days~!”

When I pulled the trump card that are snacks, Allen and Elena immediately agreed with the three days .

Being raised by me who loves to eat, the two also cannot win against food~ I have to repeatedly teach them not to follow strangers that offer them delicious sweets .




Chapter 174

To the dungeon . 

With the pretext of preparing for the dungeon, I cooked and made snacks for the next two days .

I also went to Jake-san’s bakery to buy bread and went around the shops to resupply on ingredients .

At that time, I found vegetables that I saw for the first time in Aetherdia . It was broccoli and cauliflower . They are apparently called “Green Flowerhead” and “White Flowerhead” on Aetherdia . Moreover, that’s wasn’t all . There were “Red Flowerhead” and “Black Flowerhead” vegetables too .

I don’t know whether I had overlooked them the last time I shopped or the shop displayed them because of the current season, but I instantly bought all varieties .

And then, the fixed date of the request on the third day arrived . On the day of departure to the dungeon, we joined up with Al-sama and others at the castle .

“Good morning, Al-sama . ”

“”Morning!””

“Ah, morning . ”

Al-sama wasn’t dressed in the gaudy royalty-specific attire, but he didn’t give off the commoner impression he had when traveling incognito either . He was clad in easy to wear clothes . Looking at the sword at his waist, Al-sama must be a swordsman .

There were three people behind Al-sama .

“Let me introduce your fellow travelers first . You already know Najack . On my left is Kevin . Claudio on the right . Both are members of the Royal Guards so their skills are reliable . ”

“Nice to see you again, Takumi-dono . ”

“Kevin Deisen . You can call me Kevin . Best regards~”

“My name is Claudio Nickson . Please call me Claudio . ”

Three knights were accompanying Al-sama and as expected, Najack-sama was one of them .

Kevin-sama was a playful-looking man with quirky long brown hair while Claudio-sama was a blonde-haired man with plenty of charm . Both seem to be sons of nobles .

The Knights weren’t wearing their white uniforms, but all were wearing something easy to move in . Their clothes differed from each other, so they weren’t something like training clothes, but something they prepared individually . Well, it would be obvious that they were knights if they wore clothes that were provided to them, so they might have wanted to avoid that . Al-sama included, all of their clothes were very good .

Still… Al-sama and Najack-sama too, the four are equally handsome, aren’t they~

“I am Takumi . I look forward to working with you . ”

“… I am Allen . ”

“… I am Elena . ”

Allen and Elena gave their greetings properly, but they were peeking at Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama from behind me . The two knights who met us for the first time were observing us, so it’s an inevitable reaction .

It’s only natural for the knights who are also Al-sama’s guards to observe us . Well, both sides will surely return to normal in a while .

“Huh~? Are they being vigilant?”

“I think that’s a normal reaction for children their age, no?”

Seeing the children’s state, Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama whispered to each other .

“You have been warned that they are sensitive kids, right? They are being cautious because you are observing them . Let me tell you again not to stimulate them in any odd way . You will be held responsible for it by yourselves . ”

There, Al-sama rebuked the two knights .

… Still, I wonder who warned them? Tristan-sama? No, Wald-sama?

“Sorry, Takumi . They were given detailed instructions, but they can’t seem to be able to swallow it in the course of their duty . ”

“No, I understand . It’s our first time meeting so it cannot be helped . ”

Knights of nobility wouldn’t consent with “Yes, I see” only after being told something by others . Rather, if they were so trusting, I would have difficulty trusting them back .

“I am glad you say that . Now then, shall we depart?”

“Yes, let’s do that . ”

We have decided to depart towards the dungeon, but we are not walking on foot from here as the castle prepared simple-looking carriage for us .

The entrance of the 65th Dungeon “Huge Animals” was a hole with a staircase leading down surrounded by white pillars .

“Adventurers come here fairly often, don’t they?”

“Yes, the meat will always sell and they can also take it home to eat, after all~”

As “meat” is nearly everything that drops in this “Meat Dungeon”, even the weakest monsters drop it, so going to this place is “not a waste” so to speak .

Moreover, it’s directly linked to the Capital’s food situation, so it’s considerably crowded .

“”Meat~ meat~♪””

Allen and Elena who got down from the carriage were enthusiastically singing while going towards the dungeon’s entrance .

… We had to walk briskly to follow them .

“Allen, Elena, don’t be entering on your own now . ”

“”Yess~””

When I cautioned the children beforehand, they replied cheerfully .

“Hahaha~ the kids seem to be really enjoying themselves~”

“Yes, they are children who love to move about . ”

They show no signs of waiting or turning back . Well, they are only peeking at the entrance from close by, so I, Al-sama and others slowly moved towards the entrance .

When we reached the entrance where the children were waiting as told, the two took my hands and pulled on me as if saying “Quickly . ”

“Allen, Elena, don’t be in a hurry . The dungeon won’t run away from you . ”

“”The meat will~””

“… The meat will run away? Monsters do certainly move, but… you are already treating them as meat?”

“”Yeah, meat~!””

Al-sama and the three knights were chuckling at the exchange between me and the children .

“To treat the monsters only as meat, how daring~”

“Indeed . However, it surely is only a fact for those children . ”

While Al-sama showed admiration, Najack-sama who heard various things from Rebecca-san quickly accepted it as a truth .

“What amusing kids they are . I heard from Grunwald that they are incredibly strong, is that the truth?”

“I don’t think he would be making up lies there, but… at the very least, wouldn’t it be just above children’s average?”

“Ahh, that might be it~ Well, at worst, they can stay together with His Highness so we can protect them together . ”

“Yes, indeed . Although they are not the object of our protection, abandoning such little children would be impossible to do . ”

“Right? Then, let’s do that if necessary~”

But, although Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama apparently heard about the children from Wald-sama, they don’t seem to have believed him much . Well, you can’t really judge Allen and Elena to be strong from their outward appearances .

That’s why, they decided to include Allen and Elena in their protection . They have the spirit to unconditionally protect the children . As expected of knights~

But, they will surely change their mind after a little while . And, they will get shocked too~

“Shall we go then?”

With Al-sama’s command, we immediately entered the dungeon .

“”So wide~””

When we descended the staircase, a hall with white stone paving spread before us .

“Hee~ it’s pretty bright in here . ”

Seeing the lamps hanging on the walls, Al-sama muttered with curiousness .

“Indeed . This dungeon is a bright one . ”

Both the hall and the connected passages were considerably illuminated . This is the most bright dungeon among the ones we visited so far . If it’s like this, preparing your own light source is not necessary at all .

“N? Are other dungeons different?”

“Yes, depending on the place, it can be total darkness . ”

Although I say that, I have no personal experience with pitch dark dungeon . Using “Light” magic in some parts of a dungeon is the most experience I have .

“That reminds me, is this your first time in a dungeon, Al-sama?

“Yeah, that’s right . But, Najack and others have been several times before . ”

“Is that so?”

“Yes, knights utilize this dungeon for practice . ”

This is Al-sama’s first time challenging a dungeon and the three knights have apparently been here several times before .

“By the way, up to what floor have you gone during the practice?”

“10th floor . ”

“Hee~ So if you guys went alone, you could have used the transfer device . ”

“That is indeed the case . We won’t be using it this time, though . ”

“I, who was not their arrival companion at the time can’t transfer together with them, after all . ”

Well, they can’t leave Al-sama behind and transfer to the 10th floor on their own after all .

But, considering that the “Huge Animals Dungeon” has thirty floors in total, having people who experienced it up to the 10th floor is considerably reassuring . That’s because’s this time’s objective is the 12th floor .

“”Let’s go~?””

“Ahh, right . It’s not good to keep you kids waiting . Well then, shall we go?”

“”Ohh~!””




Chapter 175

With Allen and Elena in the lead, we stepped onto the first floor .

“”Meat~ meat~♪ —— Ah!””

While the children were walking happily, a frog monster immediately appeared in front of them .

Then, the children charged at it without any hesitation .

“Ah~ geez…”

“T, Takumi, the children are running towards the Big Frog, you know!?”

Al-sama panicked after seeing the children run towards the monster .

“… Sorry . We came here as your guards yet we are acting on our own . ”

“Nono, that’s not what I meant, Takumi!”

“You don’t need to worry about the two, you know?”

“Even if you tell me that…”

While Al-sama was worried about the children, Allen and Elena who closed on the Big Frog used the momentum and fly kicked it .

“”Take this~””

The Big Frog who received the two’s kick got blown away, bounced and rolled several times and finally stopped moving . Then, it disappeared and turned into loot .

“”Meat~””

The spoils of war Allen and Elena returned with were two frog legs . Moreover, they were so large they the children could hide their faces behind them .

Furthermore, a leaf which disappeared after the children picked up the meat politely spread itself under the meat so it wouldn’t touch the floor . The mysteries of dungeons keep increasing, don’t they~

“What a big meat right from the start~ If you can get your hands on meat like this on the first floor, then I totally understand just how easily adventurers can make income from this dungeon . ”

“Nonono, there’s no way that it works like that! Loot like this don’t normally appear on the first floor, you know!”

“That’s right . It’s weird for a Big Frog to appear here in the first place! Normally, it begins with small animal-like monsters!”

While admiring the fantastic meat, Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama jumped to interject .

“Rather, isn’t this weird! Big Frog is a D-ranked monster, you know! How come the kids defeated it easily in one strike!”

“I certainly heard that they can fight, but! I certainly heard that, but don’t you think that this is not normal!?”

They have been shocked by Allen and Elena, so their calmness disappeared since a while ago .

“Now, now, calm down you two . We are in a dungeon after all . ”

“No, however!”

“I know . However! Not being shocked after seeing that is not possible!”

“… Well, to be frank, I also didn’t think it was to such extent . ”

“Indeed . I have realized that Aunt and Elder brother Wald were really telling the truth . ”

Al-sama and Najack-sama were shocked too, although not to such extent as Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“Meat~”

Allen and Elena were presenting their spoils of war to me . They are probably telling me to store it in my Infinite Storage .

But——

“Excuse me . We have not talked about this before, but how do guards deal with loot? Do we give it to Al-sama?”

It’s my first time doing the work of a guard, so I don’t know how is the loot obtained during the work treated . Leaving it behind is unthinkable, so would it be reasonable for the employer that is Al-sama to collect it? That’s what I thought, so I asked .

“”… Meaaat~””

Looking at Allen and Elena, their expressions got obviously clouded with gloominess .

“No, I won’t take it from you, okay! I won’t take it, so don’t make such expressions!”

Seeing the children’s expressions, Al-sama swiftly denied .

That moment, the children’s faces instantly lit up with “Paa~”

“I just have to obtain the Flamesaurus meat . Therefore, it’s not a problem if you keep that which you obtain from defeating monsters on the way . Therefore, that meat belongs to you two . ”

“”Really~?””

“Of course . It’s just because of the unique nature of t his dungeon, the food we brought is less than in any other regular dungeon, so it would really help if you used that which you obtain for our meals . Ah, of course, we will pay an appropriate fee for it . ”

“”Yeah, got it~””

Allen and Elena were joyous from hearing Al-sama’s generous words .

“Thank you very much, Al-sama . But, I will be providing the meat for the meals . Rather, I would be happy if you let us prepare the meals for you . ”

“Allen will make yummies!”

“Elena too, will work hard!”

“Ohh! Is that really fine? I’ve heard that your cooking is delicious, so I was actually anticipating it!”

I have no problems with cooking Al-sama’s group meals as well . Rather, if I don’t I won’t be able to feed the children either, so it would be better to leave it to me .

However, somehow… isn’t the hurdle too high?

“I will be troubled if you expect so much, you know? I can’t make things like they do in the castle . ”

“It’s fine, Takumi! I have eaten your recipes from the bakery and all of them were delicious! You are famed for delicious cooking too!”

Whoa~ Al-sama has some excessive expectations from me~

Rather, who was it? Who was the one who leaked his impressions to His Highness!!

… Well, there are only a few people who could have said it . There are only a few people who ate my cooking after all .

It should be all right if I provide dishes that I found delicious myself, I think?

“”Ah!””

“N? What is it? What’s happened?”

“Ah~ it’s a monster . Two Wood Rabbits . ”

Allen and Elena found Wood Rabbits and quickly dashed towards them .

At that time, Allen and Elena shouted all of sudden, so Al-sama was startled .

“”Horyaa~””

They kicked once again and defeated them in one hit .

“”… So sma~ll”

When the Wood Rabbits changed into loot, the two returned with meat smaller than their hands, feeling disappointed .

“This is only the first floor after all . Wouldn’t this be the normalcy here?”

“”Ehh~””

“But, even this meat would be plenty for the two of you, no?”

“”But~…””

“Not enough . ”

“For everyone . ”

Allen and Elena were seemingly dejected because there wasn’t enough meat for everyone .

“You will surely be able to get larger meat when we advance through the floors . ”

“”Really~?””

“Probably? Why not ask?”

When I suggested asking the three who already experienced this dungeon, Allen and Elena jii~ stared at the three knights .

“”Really~?””

“… Err, correct . There is a tendency of the meat loot getting bigger as you descend lower . ”

“Yes . The quality also gets better…”

“”Ohh~””

When Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama who were overwhelmed by the gazes of Allen and Elena replied, the two let out voices of admiration .

“… Oy, Claudio . I am weak against honestly sparkling eyes like those…”

“Yes, you would be . However, I don’t hate it, you know?”

“I thought so! You might act all serious, but you are a guy who puts on clothes while walking after all!”

“”Uniyu?””

Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama were whispering to each other at first, but when Kevin-sama raised his voice, Allen and Elena looked at Kevin-sama wonderingly .

“N, no, it’s not like I was shouting at you guys or anything, okay!?”

Seeing the children’s state, Kevin-sama panicked .

I don’t think that Allen and Elena felt that they were being shouted at or anything, but it seems that Kevin-sama has misunderstood the two’s puzzled state .

“You guys . ”

“Not~”

“Eh?”

“It’s Allenmon!”

“It’s Elenamon!”

“… Ou, indeed . It was Allen and Elena . ”

However, it seems that Allen and Elena didn’t mind Kevin-sama raising his voice, but calling them “You guys” instead .

“It’s unusual for Kevin who always treats with women of all ages cleverly to be played with instead . ”

“Your Highness, please let me off . These children are too different from the people I am usually in contact with, it’s unlikely for me to be able to deal with them . ”

Kevin-sama hung his head down in dejection .

Apparently, Allen and Elena have successfully entrapped Kevin-sama .




Chapter 176

Allen and Elena who gotten Kevin-sama call them by their names have changed their thoughts completely and quickly proceeded with ease .

“Uh-oh, a crossroads . Which way do we go?”

“Your Highness, we will turn le…——”

“”That way!””

“””……”””

Allen and Elena promptly decided on the way even before that .

“You said that this was your first time in this dungeon, right Takumi?”

“Yes, that’s correct . ”

“Then, how do the children know the way?”

Al-sama couldn’t help but be perplexed about Allen and Elena who advanced without losing their way .

“Recalling the words you guys said, we are definitely advancing, right?”

“Yes, indeed . The children are definitely heading towards the staircase leading to the next floor . ”

“Did you guys went to inquire in the Adventurer’s Guild, perhaps~? They are selling information when it comes to the lower floors, right?”

“Even if they investigated beforehand, there’s no way the children would be able to remember it so precisely . ”

“Ah, now that you say it . What a great memory! “

Ah, come to think of it, they were selling the map of the dungeon, weren’t they? Unfortunately, I did not think of buying that at all .

“Sorry, the children are proceeding on intuition . ”

“””Eh?”””

When I said that, the faces of Al-sama and the three knights alternated between me and the children .

Allen and Elena immediately noticed that and tilted their heads to the side .

“D, did you say intuition just now, Takumi? Do you mean intuition like the instinct?”

“Yes, that very intuition . ”

“……… I can’t believe this~”

Al-sama hung his head down in despondent .

Was proceeding on intuition a bad thing after all?

“Errr… I mean, I am sorry . Talking from experience, I don’t think they will lead us the wrong way, but… should I stop them?”

“No, yeah, I don’t mind . If they go the wrong way, one of the three will stop them . ”

Al-sama and the three knights sighed .

“To not make a mistake while advancing on intuition… is that really possible?”

“What are you saying, Claudio . Didn’t they actually come this far~”

“That is true, but this is still only the beginning . You could still think that they are only proceeding on a subsequent coincidence . ”

“Well~ won’t we have the answer in due time if we keep proceeding?”

Kevin-sama did say that Claudio-sama is a serious person, so maybe he is the type of person who doesn’t believe in intuition?

“”Ah!””

“Oh, a monster . That is… a Wild Ape?”

“”Going~””

“Y, yeah…”

At that time, five Wild Apes appeared and Allen and Elena charged at them .

“Ah! How thoughtless of me! I let them go as usual, but won’t they have difficulties with five apes? Someone, cover fo——”

Al-sama was worried about the situation of the two and requested someone to cover for them . But, Allen and Elena quickly defeated two Wild Apes and after seeing them confront the other three apes, he stopped his words midway .

“… Seems like there was no need to worry . ”

“… Indeed . ”

Al-sama quietly agreed with Najack-sama’s words .

“However, if we don’t get to guide you through the dungeon or defeat the monsters, the meaning of our existence will be completely lost~”

“It’s still only the first floor . We won’t know until we advance further!”

Kevin-sama entered a slight resonance mode, but Claudio-sama was still eager to accomplish his duty .

“”Defeated~””

Allen and Elena who were unmindful of the Knights sentiments triumphantly returned with the meat in their hands .

“”Hey, hey . ””

“Is this~”

“Delish~?”

Allen and Elena inquired about the Wild Ape meat’s taste .

“Eh? Err… I have never eaten it before . I have no idea about that~”

“”Ehh~””

I have eaten frog and rabbit meat back on Earth, but I wonder about monkey meat?

“Excuse me, have you eaten Wild Ape meat before?”

“I did not . ”

“Neither did I . ”

Al-sama and Najack-sama returned the words of denial .

“I used to eat it in a bar, but it was too tough and not to my liking . ”

“Indeed . To be honest, I do not like it . ”

Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama have eaten it before .

Kevin-sama looks like a sociable guy, so I imagined he went to the bar with his friends before, but I can’t say the same about Claudio-sama . Rather than a noisy bar, I would imagine he prefers places like fancy restaurants . Back to the topic——

“Unfortunately, it appears that the Wild Ape meat is not tasty . ”

“”Ehh~””

“Ahh, but the bar only grilled it with salt . Wouldn’t it be tasty if cooked properly?”

“”Ohh~””

The children were disappointed that the meat wasn’t apparently tasty, but hearing that it could be delicious if cooked properly… they looked at me with gazes full of expectations .

“I will try making something out of it later, but… don’t expect too much from me, Allen, Elena . ”

“”Will be fine~””

“… It will be fine?”

“”Yeah . ””

“Onii~ chan . ”

“Is goo~d at cooking~”

I told them not to expect much, but aren’t they expecting way too much!?

Since they said it’s tough, can I consider it being sinewy meat? If that’s the case, cooking it salty-sweet comes to mind, but… do I boil it first and then gently simmer after seasoning it?

I should just try cooking it first~ Ah, let’s try to preserve it as I did with Armored Buffalo too .

“Seems like today’s meal will be something I have not eaten before . I am looking forward to it . ”

“Wha, Al-sama!?”

“N? The kids are saying that it will be fine, so it will be fine, no?”

“What kind of reasoning is that?”

“Well, the reasoning that Takumi won’t betray the kids’ expectations?”

“Eh~~~”

Al-sama took advantage of what the children said .

He said that I won’t betray Allen and Elena’s expectations… well, I was planning on doing my best so I wouldn’t betray their expectations .

“Rather… are you intending to eat it even though he said he will give it a try?”

“Naturally . ”

“‘Don’t let His Highness eat weird things’ . Won’t the Knights get angry at me?”

“N? What are you saying . Those three will be eating it too, right?”

“His Highness won’t give up once he decided on something, so we will be in your care . ”

“I also want to give it a try . Takumi-dono, thank you!”

“I am also interested . ”

I thought someone from the knights will try to stop Al-sama, but no one tried .

Far from that, just as Al-sama said, they were fully motivated to eat .

At any rate, there was still time until the meal, so we decided to continue advancing through the dungeon .




Chapter 177

Allen and Elena proceeded through the first floor completely unchallenged and we advanced to the second floor after taking a short break .

“Allen, Elena, I know that you are having fun, but could you leave this floor to me for a little?”

“”Uniyu?””

“Even though I have taken lessons in swordsmanship, I don’t have the habit of holding a sword that much . I would like to practice on the lower levels . ”

Al-sama has requested the children who were enthusiastic to take on the second floor as well with guilt .

“”…… Hmm~? A little?””

“Yes, just this floor . I will leave the third floor to you guys again . ”

“”Got it!””

“I see . Thank you . ”

Allen and Elena were reluctant but agreed since it was for only this floor .

“Now then, that is the case . I feel bad, but please follow-up for me . ”

“””Yes . ”””

After Al-sama decided to confront the monsters himself, he asked the knights to follow-up for him .

Al-sama could endanger his companions by taking overconfident actions, but he does not seem like someone who would do such a foolish mistake .

“That being the case, leave this floor to us . Takumi, please be on watch in case something unexpected occurs . ”

“Yes, I understand . ”

“Alright, let’s go then . ”

Claudio-sama was in the vanguard, Al-sama behind him . Behind Al-sama, Najack-sama and Kevin-sama stood on his left and right .

“Your Highness, it’s a White Sheep . ”

After walking for a while, a sheep monster emerged in front of us .

Al-sama took a stance with his sword and faced the White Sheep .

“Hah!”

Al-sama was able to safely defeat the White Sheep in one strike .

“”Oh~ ama~zing . ””

“Splendid . ”

“Being praised by Takumi and the kids… somehow makes me embarrassed~”

Even a swordsmanship amateur like me can tell that Al-sama moved without any unnecessary movements .

“Ah, hand the loot to Takumi . ”

“Roger . —— Please store it, Takumi-dono . ”

Claudio-sama collected the loot, but he handed over the lamb meat to me on Al-sama’s orders .

“Al-sama, that is your loot, you know?”

“I don’t mind so take it . And make something tasty from it . ”

“……”

This is… he wants me to return it to him in the form of a dish, doesn’t he?

“… Then, I will request more White Sheep meat from you . ”

“Hahaha . Sure, I will work hard . ”

After that, Al-sama continued to slay the monsters of the second floor safely .

Of course, including the White Sheep meat, he obtained a large amount of several kinds of meat, which got stored in my Infinite Storage .

It was just the right time to take a break after we captured the second floor . This dungeon seems to be slightly larger than the “Dungeon of Ripples” so it takes more time to capture a floor . Well, unlike us that time, we are not advancing too quickly~

“Now then, shall we make a meal?”

“”Mea~l!””

Finding a good spot in a wide area, we started cooking .

“They are really cooking within a dungeon, huh . ”

“This is normally an unlikely spectacle . ”

“Infinite Storage really is convenient, isn’t it? You would normally not carry kitchen utensils and ingredients like that around . ”

“Yes, you would settle on preserved food and carry a small amount of loot with you . ”

As they were already aware of my Infinite Storage, I retrieved pots and ingredients one after another . Seeing that, Al-sama and the knights were staring fixedly .

“”What we making~?””

“First, a dish from the Wild Ape meat you requested . Can I ask you to shred the leaves for a salad for me?”

“”Yee~s . ””

I handed lettuce to Allen and Elena, and while having them to shred it to bite size, I left the Wild Ape meat to boil plentifully .

While doing that, I prepared Armored Buffalo entrails .

“Allen, Elena, place the lettuce on a plate after shredding it, then arrange Turi fruit (tomato) and the boiled Flowerhead too, can you do it?”

“”Can do~””

Allen and Elena were making the salad well .

I cut the boiled meat into mouthful sizes, mixed it with plenty of soy sauce and sugar, and thoroughly simmered it . As for the Motsu (motsunabe)… let’s make it miso flavored . Ah~ It would be really nice if I had Mirin or Sake on me . For now, I can only experiment with this .

Also, let’s use the Aging magic to shorten the cooking time .

“Oh~ it started smelling good . I wonder about the taste…——”

Magic really is convenient at times like this . It would normally take several hours to cook, but I am able to shorten the time enormously .

The Wild Ape meat became quite tender and I did not feel any foulness from the Armored Buffalo . Both tasted good and seemed to be quite compatible with rice .

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

“Yes, yes . —— Look, it’s hot so eat after cooling it down . ”

“”Yea!””

Allen and Elena wanted to taste it too, so when I handed them the spoons with the meat, the children blew on it and then stuffed their cheeks .

“”Hafuu~””

“!! Takumi, me too!”

“Takumi-dono, I would like to taste it as well . ”

Looking at the children’s reaction, Al-sama and Kevin-sama demanded to do the tasting too .

“… Your Highness . ”

“… Kevin . ”

“It smells this nice, and the kids made such reaction, you know? It makes you want to eat it immediately!”

Najack-sama and Claudio-sama seemed exhausted from the two’s reaction, but when I handed over spoons for tasting to Al-sama and Kevin-sama, the two have also immediately received them . It seems that Najack-sama and Claudio-sama were also curious about the taste .

“””D, delicious!””””

The four expressed their impressions, it seems they like it .

“Takumi, is this made with the flavoring called soy sauce?”

“Yes, indeed it is . As expected of you, Al-sama . You could tell right away . ”

“As I thought! The recent topic in the Capital has been a stall that sold dishes made with soy sauce, after all . I had a certain feeling that the taste was similar . But, Takumi’s cooking is remarkably delicious! Just as I expected… no, your cooking ability far exceeds my expectations . ”

“That’s… I am glad to hear that . ”

Far from liking it, he seems to be considerably pleased with it .

“How about the other one, Takumi . ”

“Look forward the meal for that one . ”

“Kuh . ”

Al-sama wanted to taste the miso-flavored Motsu too, but I will have him endure .

“Umm… what next?”

I believe that a meat stew and salad would not be enough, so I would like to make one more thing . But, as the people here seemed to be eager to eat, I decided to leave it with a simple soup with plenty of vegetables .

“Shall we eat then?”

“”Foo~d . ””

“So it’s done!”

After finishing the soup and preparing a freshly-baked bread, I called everyone and they quickly gathered around .

After I served the meal, everyone immediately began to eat .

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan . ””

“N? What’s the matter?”

“”Want rice!””

As expected of Allen and Elena . Rice really goes along with sinewy meat . I thought so too, but… as usual, I thought I could not let the guys eat White Wheat which is considered a fodder, so I prepared bread instead .

“Takumi, what’s this ‘rice’ the kids are talking about?”

“It’s softly cooked White Wheat . ”

“White Wheat? That White Wheat?”

“I don’t know what you mean by ‘that’ but it’s the White Wheat that is used as fodder for animals . ”

“Right, that! You going to eat it?”

“It’s delicious, you know? Err… would you like to try it?”

I offered the rice to Al-sama after handing a bowl to Allen and Elena . Al-sama received it with great interest .

“Your Highness!?”

“What, Takumi is saying that it’s delicious, so it will be fine, no? Takumi, why don’t you give this ‘rice’ to Najack and others too, if you still have more?”

“Ah!”

Najack-sama did try to stop him from eating the White Rice, but after Al-sama told me to give Najack-sama and others the rice too, he promptly started eating the rice .

“Nn!!”

“””Your Highness!?”””

The knights panicked because Al-sama suddenly groaned .

“T, this is tasty!! The compatibility of this rice with the Wild Ape meat is extraordinary!”

“Y, your Highness… don’t startle us like that . ”

“N? What are you groaning about, Najack . You guys give it a try too . ”

When the three knights tasted the rice after being pressed by Al-sama, the three opened their eyes wide .

“See? Isn’t it delicious?”

“… Yes . ”

Al-sama and the knights were pleased with the rice and the Wild Ape meat that I made in a slightly larger quantity got cleaned up prettily . It seems that everyone was satisfied .




Chapter 178

The next day, Allen and Elena resumed their activity and proceeded to capture the third and fourth floors, but we encountered a problem on the fifth floor .

“”That way~””

“Wait a moment . We should go right there, not left, right?”

Claudio-sama put a stop to the direction Allen and Elena chose .

For the first time, Allen and Elena’s intuition has diverted from the route of Claudio-sama and others .

“Is that so, Claudio?”

“Yes, we should take left here . ”

“I also remember going left here~”

Kevin-sama agreed with Claudio-sama’s opinion .

“”It’s that waymon!””

However, Allen and Elena showed no intentions of giving up on the path leading to the right .

Normally, I would trust Allen and Elena’s intuition here . That being said, I believe the right road being the correct one . But, I have a hard time believing that the knights would make a mistake .

N~ do the paths perhaps merge into the same one later?

The next possibility is that this dungeon is the type that periodically changes paths, but… there’s no way the knights who had been here several times before wouldn’t notice .

“Hmm, this is troubling . Now then, what should we do?”

“Your Highness, from what I remember, we should take the left path . I think it would be safer to take the left path here…”

“”That way~!””

Allen and Elena undauntedly chose the right path .

But, it’s three to two . Allen and Elena are at a slight disadvantage .

“Yeah… the two who had led us until now without making any mistakes are this persistent . Not taking that into consideration would be a bit…”

Taking Allen and Elena’s past results into consideration, Al-sama didn’t want to make a mistake without a proper reason .

“Allen, Elena, is going left no good?”

“”No good~!””

Even when I confirmed, Allen and Elena refused vehemently . It’s unusual for the two to be this persistent .

Does this mean that the paths don’t merge into one? No, or do the two perhaps don’t want to “yield”?

“Alright, the kids are this persistent . Shall we take a look at the right path?”

“Are you sure, Al-sama?”

“Well, they took us so far without any problems . I don’t mind taking a little detour . ”

Al-sama decided to take a little detour and go with the path Allen and Elena chose .

I am very thankful, but… is it fine to not listen to the opinions of the knights?

“And that’s the case . I am sorry to you guys, but let’s take right here . Of course, it’s not like I trust your opinion . The kids are this assertive, so it’s necessary to investigate . It’s not yet known path for us, so I will have you pay attention to our surroundings . ”

“””Acknowledged . ”””

Al-sama is so good at talking in roundabout way~

He explained properly without hurting the knights’ pride .

“However, if we proceed without seeing any results for a while, we will return and take the left path . You two don’t mind that, do you?”

“”Don’t mind!””

Allen and Elena nodded in satisfaction . However——

“Allen, Elena, Al-sama might have yielded to you this time, but you mustn’t trouble him like so . If you are so curious about it, how about we go to check it by ourselves in the future?”

“”… Uniyu~””

Insisting is fine, but that depends on the situation . I thought of rebuking them first a little, but… they are seriously dispirited .

Even though it was for the sake of education, the damage I received is far more serious…

“Feeling down when cautioned by their guardian, that’s when they act like normal children, huh~”

“Yes, I was shocked from how much they are different from normal kids, but somehow… this makes me feel relieved . ”

Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama were whispering to each other, but I heard it all . It appears that they were relieved by Allen and Elena’s childish actions .

“Hahaha~ it seems that raising kids is hard, Takumi . ”

“It indeed is . But, Allen and Elena are not as handful as other children, after all~ The parents of the world surely have it more difficult than me~”

“That certainly seems so——Look here, Allen, Elena . It’s not like Takumi and I are angry or anything, so don’t be so downhearted . We should be on our way soon, so please lead us safely . ”

“”… Yee~s . ””

Still feeling a bit downhearted, Allen and Elena began advancing on the right path .

The path had many bends, but for some reason, we arrived at a small room after being confronted by many monsters on a straight road .

“A dead end?”

“… I don’t see any devices on the wall . ”

The knights were looking for something while lightly knocking on the wall .

But, it seemed just like a normal stone wall .

“”Over here~””

“… Allen, Elena, that’s just a wall, isn’t it?”

However, Allen and Elena kept pointing at the wall . Claudio-sama has already investigated that part, so even Al-sama was doubtful .

“It appears that it was a wrong way . Your Highness, shall we go back?”

“… N~”

Najack-sama proposed going back .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“Here~”

“Yes, yes . I got it——Al-sama, stand back a little, please . ”

“N? What do you intend on doing, Takumi?”

“I will try breaking the wall first——Air Shot . ”

I helped Al-sama to a safe place and fired magic at the part of the wall Allen and Elena pointed out .

The wall crumbled down and revealed a staircase that led directly down below .

“”This~””

“”””Whaa!?””””

Allen and Elena were making smug expressions at Al-sama and the knights who were terribly shocked .

I see, Allen and Elena were aiming for the hidden staircase, so no wonder they did not yield when it came to the paths .

“To think there would be a staircase at a place like this!”

“A, a hidden route, here!?”

Hidden route? Hee~ So there was such things in dungeons, huh~ I thought there was a hidden room with a treasure chest or something under the stairs .

“So this is the reason the kids were so persistent at taking the right path . ”

“But, what do we do? If a case the route is different beyond this point, it’s possible that we are not going to encounter the Flamesaurus that Al-sama needs . Therefore, if you want to turn back, now is the time . ”

If it was only us, we would advance on this path without hesitation . But, we have an objective of the Flamesaurus this time .

It would be terrible if we did not encounter a Flamesaurus on this path .

But well, we decide to take a look at the path below first . Then, we arrived on a passage that led further inside .

“This is definite . I am thinking of proceeding further, but what do you guys think? Najack, Kevin, Claudio . ”

“I have no doubts that this is a new discovery, so I believe it would be worthwhile investigating further . ”

“I’m concerned about the lack of information, but I think we can cope with whatever there is since we have reached the 10th floor before, I approve of going further . ”

“I would be troubled if something happens to Your Highness because of an unforeseen situation . I think it would be better to return to the castle and send another unit to investigate first . ”

Najack-sama who is overprotective of Al-sama was not opposing of proceeding on the hidden route . Kevin-sama has advanced to the 10th floor and unlocked the transfer device, so he was in favor of proceeding further . Claudio-sama opposed, fearing for Al-sama’s safety . Their opinions split splendidly~

“Takumi, can you deal with this route if we proceed on it?”

“Yes, this is an intermediate level dungeon, so there shouldn’t be any problems . ”

Taking the difficulty of an intermediate level dungeon like the Dungeon of Ripples into consideration, we alone should be enough to capture this dungeon . Moreover, we have three more skilled knights with us this time . We are here to protect Al-sama, but he also can fight quite well, so he shouldn’t be a burden . There are no problems .

“Fumu . Let’s advance on this path then . ——Allen, Elena, I leave the guidance to you . ”

“”Yea!””

Al-sama decided to proceed on the hidden route, and we began the capture of the sixth floor with Allen and Elena in the vanguard .




Chapter 179

“”That way~””

Monsters occasionally appeared on the white cobblestone passage of the hidden route . We have advanced for a while now, but there have not been any changes from the fifth floor so far .

Just when we were founding this path a bit disappointing… a place that was slightly different from until now appeared .

“Oh? This place has a somewhat different ambiance from the locations up until now . ”

“Indeed . It looks quite like a garden . ”

It was a hall a stone pavement, but there was vegetation growing everywhere, moreover, there was a water fountain in the center .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“There, herbs~!”

Allen and Elena who ran around the hall have apparently found an herb among the vegetation .

“Al-sama~”

“Can we pick~?”

“Yeah, I don’t mind . ”

“”Yaa~y!””

Allen and Elena properly got permission from Al-sama and began picking the herbs .

Since they have properly asked for permission, they must correctly understand that Al-sama is the big boss here .

“You two can tell apart medicinal plants?”

“”Yea!””

“This you see~ is Cantella . ”

“That one, you know~ is Bletilla . ”

When Kevin-sama approached Allen and Elena who were picking the herbs, the two began merrily explaining about the herbs .

Kevin-sama and the twins had warmed up to each other to a degree it would be hard to believe that Allen and Elena were vigilant at first .

That is a very good thing, but this room…——

“… N~?”

“What’s wrong, Takumi?”

“Al-sama, don’t you smell alcohol in here?”

“N? —— Yeah, you are right . It’s faint, but I do smell it . ”

“I thought so . Is it that fountain then?”

This fountain is suspicious . Because we have found a brandy well in a dungeon before, it’s possible that alcohol comes out of this fountain instead of water . Well, the liquid is clear this time, so it’s correct to say that it’s not a brandy this time .

When I Appraised it, I found a surprising truth .

“Nippy Liquor” appeared when I appraised it, but the ingredient was White Wheat . So that means——

“As I thought, this water… it’s Nihonshu (Japanese rice wine), isn’t it?”

When I scooped it out with my hands and tasted it, the taste was nostalgic .

Still, “Nippy Liquor” … cold sake? It certainly is cold, but… hot sake——does it mean that it can’t be drunk warm?

“Nihonshu? It’s my first time hearing about such alcohol . ”

“Ah~ Nihonshu is how it is called in my birthplace . Its actual name is Nippy Liquor . ”

“Hou, I had never heard of such liquor before . ”

It’s a liquor made with White Wheat that is used as fodder, so it’s only natural that he did not hear of it before . Besides, he would absolutely not understand the term Nihonshu, to begin with .

Well, putting that aside, I have to secure this Nippy Liquor!

“Al-sama, do you mind if I fetch some?”

“Yeah, I don’t mind, but are you planning a drinking bout, Takumi?”

“I did not have a drink in a long while, after all . However, this can also be used in cooking . ”

“Cooking, huh . I see now~ Let me see, I will give it a taste . ”

When I began filling several casks I retrieved from my Infinite Storage, Al-sama got more curious about the Nippy Liquor and scooped a little in his hands to try .

“”Your Highness, wait a moment please!!””

However, before Al-sama could taste the Nippy Liquor, the voices of Najack-sama and Claudio-sama resounded around .

“What? We are in a dungeon, so there shouldn’t be a problem with a mouthful, no?”

“There’s a problem before that!”

“Please let us taste unidentifiable things first!”

Al-sama claimed that there’s no problem in trying alcohol that comes out of a dungeon, but the two knights had apparently stopped him for a different reason .

“Even though there’s no way there would be poison in something like that…”

Al-sama sighed deeply .

Having each and every action you take being watched… being a prince must be hard .

Moreover, the two spoke about poison tasting it for Al-sama, but both of them refuse to drink alcohol on duty .

“You two are so stubborn~”

There, Kevin-sama who returned to us scooped out the Nippy Liquor to taste while giving a sidelong glance to his two serious colleagues .

“Oh, this is quite something~ ——it’s my first time tasting something like this, but it’s a tasty liquor . Your Highness, I believe there’s nothing wrong with this liquor . ”

Having Kevin-sama’s permission, Al-sama finally tasted the sake .

“Hou, this certainly is tasty . ”

It appears he liked it .

“It’s tasty, but… do we have to return here to fetch it?”

“That would seem to be the case as we only have leather bags with water on us . ”

“It seems like something Father might like, so I thought of bringing him some as a present~”

It seems that Al-sama didn’t want it for himself, but he wanted to gift it to Tristan-sama .

Tristan-sama was quite happy when I gifted him the brandy the last time . Does he perhaps have a taste for alcohol?

Kevin-sama seems to be a drinker too as he seemed disappointed .

“Then, I will fetch Al-sama’s share too . ”

I retrieved more casks from Infinite Storage and fetched Nippy Liquor for Al-sama .

“Why do you have so many casks, Takumi!?”

“Why, you ask… for times like this . ”

Aside from casks, I have prepared many jars, baskets, and wooden boxes . I have experienced many settings like this, after all . I would be brought to my knees if I did not have anything to store liquids in again .

“If you’d like, shall I fetch some for you as well, Kevin-sama?”

“Err, I would be happy about that, but… is that fine?”

When I asked Kevin-sama, he seemed to be a bit troubled .

Something about being on duty and stuff, perhaps? If you say it like that, then I am on duty too . Well, I did get permission from Al-sama, though .

“It wouldn’t be a problem if I fetched some for Najack-sama and Claudio-sama too, right? They have not sampled it now, but they must be curious about the taste too, after all~”

When I looked at Najack-sama and Claudio-sama, they awkwardly averted their gazes .

“Takumi, I give my permission so please fetch more . ”

I received permission from the chuckling Al-sama . There’s no need to feel restrained anymore, so I fetched Nippy Liquor to my heart’s content .

“”Onii~ chan . ””

Just about when I finished fetching a large quantity of the Nippy Liquor, Allen and Elena returned with their hands full of herbs .

“Welcome back . Looks like you have gathered a lot~”

“”Yea!””

The two were presenting me their fruits of labor, so I patted their heads .

“What is . ”

“Tha~t?”

Then, they got curious about the fruits of my labor .

“This? This is alcohol . ”

“”… Uniyu . ””

The moment they heard alcohol, Allen and Elena made sour faces .

It seems that alcohol caused them quite a trauma .

“What? What is this about?”

Seeing the children’s faces, Al-sama inquired .

“These children had tasted alcohol behind my back before and had a terrible time . ”

“Hahaha~ so you did something like that!”

“”… Wasn’t delish~””

“Hahaha~”

Al-sama burst into laughter while holding his stomach .

It was not only Al-sama, but even the three knights were also giggling .

“”… Au~””

Frustrated from being laughed at, Allen and Elena clung to my legs and buried their heads into them .

“Look, the two got sulky because you all keep laughing at them~”

After that, Al-sama and others were trying to cheer Allen and Elena up .

With Al-sama’s appeal for the sake of the children, we took a snack break on which we enjoyed ice cream and then we resumed the capturing of the sixth floor .

After we resumed on our way, Allen and Elena defeated monsters such as lizards, bears, wild boars that gradually got larger in one hit, and we found the staircase leading to the next floor before long .

Following after that, we captured the seventh floor as well and we finished the capturing for the day when we found the staircase leading to the eight floor .




Chapter 180

“”… Uniyu~””

During the night, the three knights and I split into groups to take turns standing the watch and resting .

We had set up a barrier stone so there wasn’t the need to worry about being attacked by monsters, and there were no signs of humans either, so I thought there was no need to stand a watch, but the three knights apparently can’t go to sleep without looking out for the surroundings .

The last night, I was joined by Najack-sama, but I stood a watch with Kevin-sama this time .

While I was talking the world with Kevin-sama, Allen and Elena who were sleeping peacefully awakened .

Although earlier than the knights planned, Allen and Elena sleep should have lasted long enough .

“Good morning, Allen, Elena . ”

“”Morning~””

Allen and Elena were wrapped in blankets right next to me, so they immediately nudged close to me .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“So early~”

The twins wake up earlier than me in the mornings . They usually wake up earlier and keep watching me until I awaken .

But, I woke up halfway to stand watch, so it’s something the two are not used to .

It was the same as yesterday, but I had to get up carefully so I wouldn’t wake up the two sensitive children .

“Now then, it’s a little earlier than usual, but shall I prepare breakfast for you? What would you like to eat?”

“”Furench toast~!””

Because Al-sama, Najack-sama, and Claudio-sama will wake up soon, I have begun preparing the breakfast .

“That’s a dish name I have not heard of before again~”

“It’s a sweet bread . Would it be better if I don’t sweeten it too much for you and others?”

“No, including His Highness, all of us quite like sweet things, so we won’t mind eating the same . ”

“Is that so? All right . ”

Let’s see~ Let’s do a sweet French toast with the saltiness of a crispy bacon and vegetable soup~

“This looks like a delicious breakfast once again . ”

Al-sama and the rest who woke up as I was finishing the breakfast were staring fixedly at the plates I lined up .

“With Takumi here, I might forget that we are currently in a dungeon . ”

“Indeed . You are normally not able to have proper meals like this in a dungeon . ”

Their words felt more like resignation than admiration .

But, meals like this could be prepared with the use of a magic bag, so it’s not like others wouldn’t be able to do it too .

Rather, I find it mysterious why other adventurers don’t do it . I mean, I would definitely get tired of hard bread and dried meat, and I don’t believe it can even supply you the necessary energy .

“Come to think of it, Al-sama, you brought food with you, right?”

“Yeah, well, we did . Although I say that, it’s only hard bread, dried meat, dried fruit, and a little amount of salt-pickled vegetables . In the end, we have ended up burdening you . I am reflecting that we did not prepare more beforehand . ”

“Ah~ you don’t have to think that you are burdening me . I have lots of ingredients . It’s just the things Al-sama’s group brought has become a dead weight, didn’t it?”

“No, it’s possible to stray away from your group in the dungeon, so it’s necessary for all members to carry food on them, so you don’t have to worry about that, Takumi . Ah, I will make sure to give you proper compensation for the cost of the ingredients when we return!”

“……”

He really does not have to worry about the cost of ingredients, though . The amount of meat I received from Al-sama is much larger than the number of my own ingredients I have used, after all . I somehow have to come up with a way to offset each other .

Incidentally, I realized that it would be difficult if only one person was carrying the food when people might stray away from each other . So that’s why everyone is carrying food on their person, huh… that was a piece of valuable information .

Allen and Elena are carrying a flask, snacks, dried fruit and candies in their bags, but there is only a little dried meat for food . I don’t intend on losing sight of them, but should I put a bit more food in their bags…?

The problem would be simply resolved if I had a time-suspending type of magic bags, but that type is not easily seen… even royalty like Al-sama only has a magic bag with a large capacity, after all~

“N~”

“What’s the matter, Takumi?”

“I was thinking that Allen and Elena are not carrying any proper food on them . ”

“The two… well, they will be fine!”

“Eh? Why is that?”

“Because the two wouldn’t ever stray away from you!”

Al-sama confidently declared so after taking a glance at Allen and Elena, and looking back at me .

“”Won’t ever stray away~!””

For some reason, Allen and Elena got on board with Al-sama’s words as they confidently declared .

Do they even understand properly? I believe that they really won’t stray away, but you know~ well, they are cute so let’s leave it at that .

“… Well, let’s leave it at that today . Let’s eat before it gets cold, Al-sama . ”

“Indeed . Let’s eat . ”

“”Yaay~! Dig in~!””

Allen and Elena were looking at their favorite French toast with “Still not yet? Not yet?” gaze, so when I prompted Al-sama to eat and he agreed, the twins stuffed their cheeks with the French toast the moment they heard his words .

“”N~~~””

They ate really deliciously, so it made me very happy as the cook .

Al-sama and others also found the French toast tasty as everything got eaten up in a short time .

After we finished breakfast, we resumed the capturing of the eigth floor .

“”There~””

Soon after, Allen and Elena quickly defeated a Jumbo Elk—a deer-type monster .

Living up to its name, the monsters that appeared were quite huge in size .

“Huge . ”

“Meat~”

“It truly is a huge piece of meat, huh~ You are not injured, are you?”

“”No, not injured~!””

Allen and Elena returned with the loot .

The two were very delighted with the size of the meat that the two almost couldn’t carry by themselves .

“You really defeated it easily~ Moreover, it was much bigger than normal size of the monsters of the eight floor . ”

“Eh? It was bigger than the monsters on the normal route?”

Hee, I thought it was only natural for the monster to be big as the dungeon has “huge” in its name, but I was apparently wrong .

“Yeah, normally, there would be more of the same but smaller-sized monsters . Monsters of that size should appear after the tenth floor . I have not seen them myself, but I heard that they apparently get even larger from the twentieth floor . ”

“”Larger~?””

“Yeah, even larger apparently appear . ”

“”Ohh~””

Ah! This is bad!!

Allen and Elena have totally bit onto the words of Kevin-sama .

“Kevin-sama, wait! You can’t talk about that!”

“Eh?”

It might be already late, but I stopped Kevin-sama from firing Allen and Elena up any more than this .

“Allen, Elena, we are going only up to the twelfth floor this time, okay!”

“”Go further~””

“Ah~… so you meant this…”

Just as I thought, hearing about even larger monsters, Allen and Elena were fully motivated . They will definitely want to reach the twentieth floor now… no, they will want to go until the end .

Kevin-sama who realized why I stopped him, made a “I did it now” expression .

“”Meat, meat~♪””

“”……””

“Quickly . ”

“Let’s go~”

Kevin-sama and I exchanged glances after seeing Allen and Elena sing happily .

“… If you stop them when the objective is accomplished, will these children be able to stop?”

“… Err, that depends on their satisfaction . If they can move a lot until the twelfth floor then… maybe?”

“… Maybe, you say?”

“… Yes, I am sorry but I can’t say for certain . ”

“… I see . ”

Kevin-sama and I exchanged opinions in a low voice .

I can’t say for sure, but if I tell them that we can return to the dungeon later, then Allen and Elena will willingly stop… probably .

“We can only tell what will happen when it happens, so let’s proceed for now . ”

Al-sama who heard our conversation told us that we shouldn’t keep brooding over it now and urged us to go .

“——Rather than that, Takumi . The children already went off . ”

“Eh?”

When I looked around for Allen and Elena in panic, I found the two already walking away just as Al-sama said .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“Quickly~”

“Wha!? Allen, Elena, you can’t go off on your own!?”

When I rushed out in panic to Allen and Elena, Kevin-sama and others pursued after us with wry smiles .

“”But~””

“But?”

“Meat~”

“Came~”

When I looked where Allen and Elena were pointed at, I saw five Jumbo Elks running towards us .

“”Will defeat~””

Well, no matter what comes at them, Allen and Elena will be able to defeat it, though~

Recently, my turn to show up has not been appearing, so the level difference between me and the twins has been increasing .




Chapter 181

Thanks to Allen and Elena being in high spirits, we have favorably advanced through eight, ninth, and even tenth floor and obtained a large amount of meat .

Well, my turn did not come up even once, though .

And so, along the way, we have found rooms with several kinds of herbs growing in them so we collected them, but it seems that there are no rooms such as these along the normal route .

“Hoh~ this is the door to the room of the floor boss, huh . ”

Al-sama was observing the door of the tenth floor’s boss room with admiration .

“This is quite elaborate design, isn’t it~”

“Ah! Your Highness, you mustn’t tou…”

“——… Ah . ”

At that time, Al-sama spontaneously touched the door which then slowly opened .

“S, sorry . I touched it . ”

“I see that you also have times you act carelessly, Al-sama . Anyhow, we have to go through this room eventually, so isn’t it just fine?”

“”Yup, is fine~””

“… T, that so?”

Allen and Elena spoke to Al-sama encouragingly .

I don’t know whether the children’s response was effective, but his eyebrows still seemed troubled .

“Shall we go, Al-sama?”

“… Yeah, let’s go . ”

Leading the perplexed Al-sama, we entered the boss room .

And then, the door closed shut, the center of the room lightly shined, and shape gradually took a form .

“Hihii—n!”

When the light faded, a light blue monster——Water Horse, appeared .

Well, it was slightly larger than the horses I know .

“Oh, it’s a Water Horse . I thought a different monster would appear, but it’s the same one . ”

It appears that Water Horse is a boss even on the normal route .

Does that mean that we are merging back on the normal route from here?

“Does the room look the same as well?”

“N? Yeah, now that I look carefully, it does look the same . ”

“Certainly, I don’t spot any difference . ”

“Ahh, as I thought . ”

“What? Does the secret route end here or what?”

When I questioned the knights whether the place is the same as the one they were at before, Al-sama noticed the reason I was asking .

“I was thinking that might be the case, what about you guys?”

“It’s not impossible~”

“Yes, indeed . However, this is our first time on this secret route, so verification is necessary . ”

“Do we, the knights, carry the verification ourselves?”

“We should talk to the Adventurer’s Guild about this…”

Kevin-sama and Claudio-sama began a serious discussion .

“It won’t be late to talk about it after we return to the castle and inform Elder brother, no?”

Err… cases like this should be reported to the knight commander Felix-sama first, right?

It’s certainly as Al-sama said . It wouldn’t be possible to conclude who should carry the verification out in here .

“By the way…”

When Al-sama said while taking a glance at the center of the room, everyone looked at the center .

“They are playing, aren’t they~”

“Indeed, they are . ”

“They seem to be having lots of fun . ”

“That’s quite a dangerous playmate they have, though~”

“… Right . ”

Following after Al-sama, everyone gave their honest impressions . Additionally, I felt a bit guilty .

“I am sorry . They have totally entered the playing mode . ”

“Well, I don’t mind that . We are also only watching from the side, after all . ”

The reason we were able to talk leisurely like this even after the boss appeared is because Allen and Elena were playing with the Water Horse .

They got on the back of the trashing horse, clinging to it so they wouldn’t fall off——they were basically doing rodeo while merrily giggling “kya, kya” .

“… Allen, Elena, you better take it out soon . ”

“”Yee~s . ””

Allen and Elena who replied to my words safely stood up on the horse’s back and jumped high in the air .

“”Take thiiis~——… Huh?””

Then, they came down with a vigorous force doing an ax kick, but the Water Horse dodged and Allen and Elena cracked the floor under them instead .

“Are your feet okay, you two?”

“”Is fine~””

“Then, do you have any intentions of switching with me?”

“”No~!””

Thinking to switch with the children, I notified the children, but the two had no intentions of yielding their position to me .

“Can’t I?”

“”Can’t~!”

“… I see . ”

“Will defeat~”

“In no time~”

Thinking that I will defeat it if they don’t hurry, Allen and Elena rushed at the Water Horse .

On the other hand, the Water Horse struck the floor with its front legs and laid in wait to rush out at any time .

“Hihii—n . ”

“”Toryaa~!””

The Water Horse collided head-on with Allen and Elena who aimed their kick at it .

“Hihii——n!”

The Water Horse’s neighing turned into cries .

It appears that Allen and Elena were victorious in the contest of strength .

“”Yaa~””

“… Hihii . ”

After Allen and Elena followed-up on their attack, the Water Horse feebly collapsed to the ground .

“”Defeated~””

Allen and Elena returned holding the Water Horse meat that dropped .

That meat had a bone across and looked just like a lump of meat that appears in a manga . Allen and Elena each held the meat by the bone from each side and brought it to me .

“That’s so big~ isn’t it too heavy for you?”

The meat was so big it could nearly conceal both of the twins’ faces .

“A bit . ”

“Heavy~”

… So it is heavy .

I immediately took the meat from the two .

“I, it really is heavy . Rather, how did you do so well bringing it over, Allen, Elena . ”

The lump of meat was far heavier than I thought when I received it .

“”Somehow~?””

“… Buh . ”

“”Nniyu?””

Hearing Allen and Elena’s words, Al-sama burst into laughter .

“Why~”

“Do you laugh~?”

Looking carefully, the three knights also averted their gazes with trembling shoulders . Apparently, they were holding back their laughter .

“S, sorry . I see, you guys ‘somehow’ managed to bring it?”

“”Yeah, somehow~!””

“I, I see, that’s amazing~”

That certainly was a response Allen and Elena wouldn’t normally say, but… was it that weird of a remark?

Anyhow, it seems that I am not used to the humor of Al-sama’s group .




Chapter 182

Al-sama continued to laugh for a while until he started coughing and choking .

“”Was funny~?””

“… Cough . Sorry . I was too surprised by the words I had not expected . ”

“”Uniyu?””

“I was expecting that you would reply to Takumi’s ‘You did well bringing it over’ with ‘It’s done~’ or ‘We brought it’ like usual, so I did not think you would say ‘Somehow’ there . ”

“”I see~””

Allen and Elena found the laughter strange, but it seems that they understood(?) with Al-sama’s explanation .

“”Onii~ chan . ””

“N? What’s up?”

“We want to . ”

“Eat that~”

“That? This thing!?”

“”That~””

After Allen and Elena understood, they changed their mind to “Don’t care about the laughter anymore” and started saying that they want to eat the Water Horse meat they got for me .

“”As is~””

“A, as is!?”

“”Yup!””

By as is, do they want me to whole roast the meat of this size?

I have no confidence that it will get cooked properly in the middle, you know!?

“Th, that would be a bit impossible, I think~”

“”Ehhh~~~””

“Even if I only use salt and pepper, it would take a long time for the fire to cook the insides, and it’s likely that the outside will get burnt in the meanwhile . It might be possible to cook the inside nicely with fire magic, but I have basically not used fire magic before~”

“”Do it~””

I have been granted ‘Fire Magic’ by the Fire God Salamanteel-sama, but I have used it only a couple of times . I wouldn’t have a problem using it to thoroughly burn monsters to defeat them, but that’s totally different from a minute adjustment of the heat level . Vector is surely much more capable in that aspect than me . Well, Vector is still undergoing special training, though!

But, it does not seem that Allen and Elena will give up . Now then, this is troubling .

N~… what do I do~ —Ah!

“Najack-sama!”

“Yes, what is it?”

Najack-sama is a person of the Ignis Household . The Ignis Household is famous for producing knights specializing in fire magic one after another!

“You specialize in fire magic, right?”

“Yes, but I am still considered a greenhorn . ”

“What are you saying——Takumi, Najack is quite the master of fire magic . ”

Najack-sama was humble, but Al-sama promptly objected .

If Al-sama says so, then he must be considerably skilled . Then, let’s have him roast this meat!

“Won’t you cook this meat inside out as it is, please?”

“”Roast~””

“… Eh?”

Allen and Elena looked up at Najack-sama and pleaded .

“These children want to eat this meat as it is no matter what, it seems . As I said before, it won’t cook properly on the open fire, and I am not that skilled with fire magic myself, so I would like to ask you to do it, Najack-sama . ”

“No, however… I have never used fire magic for cooking myself before, so…”

I thought so . Few people would use fire magic to cook their meat . Most likely, the son of a noble would never even cook himself .

“We won’t say a word of complaint if you fail!”

“”Won’t say~!””

Allen and Elena are saying that they won’t complain if he fails . They probably won’t sulk even if the meat gets wasted .

“Ahh, cooking it in hand might be difficult, no? I will prepare it right away . ”

I placed a tray-like thingy made from iron on the ground, placed the meat on top of it, and carried it before Najack-sama who had a hard time rejecting .

“Preparations . ”

“Complete~”

Allen and Elena stared at Najack-sama as if saying “Go ahead!” .

“Eeeh!?”

“Kukuku . ”

Al-sama started laughing at the baffled Najack-sama .

“Your Highness, please stop laughing and help me out here!”

“Y, you just have to do it, no? Fufu, they are saying that even a failure is acceptable anyway . ”

“Your Highness!?”

“The magic used should be the elementary level ‘Heat’, all that’s left is to adjust the temperature with magical power, yes? Certainly, a degree of skill would be necessary to cook it whole equally . ”

“Claudio, please stop with that calm analysis of yours!”

Najack-sama showed frustration he had not shown up until now .

Allen and Elena approached such Najack-sama and pulled on his clothes .

“Is fine~”

“Can do it~”

Being assured by the two, Najack-sama hung his head down despondently .

“Haah~ I got it, I got it . ——Allen, Elena, you really won’t complain if I fail, right?”

“”Won’t!””

Al-sama was holding back his laughter, but Allen and Elena reaffirmed .

“Will get . ”

“Another one~”

The two declared “Won’t” but what they meant is that they won’t give up on the manga eat and will hunt more of the same meat without any problems .

“… I, I see . Well, fine . ——Najack, you are trying to cook, but there won’t be a problem if you turn it to ashes! Think of it as testing your skills . ”

“… I understand . ”

Being pushed by Al-sama, Najack-sama reluctantly acknowledged and extended his hands towards the meat .

“Oh fire, raise up ‘Heat’ . ”

When Najack-sama activated the magic, steam raised from the meat, and the fragrance of roasted meat spread around .

“I am not sure about the central part, but… how about this?”

“”Ohh~ ama~zing!””

“Thank you very much, Najack-sama . ”

“Yep, yep, it looks good, Najack . ”

Being praised by Al-sama, Najack-sama’s expression turned a bit shy .

“Allen, Elena, you guys should properly thank Najack-sama too . ”

“”Yea! ——Thank you!””

“No, I am glad I could be of use . Rather than that, you said you wanted to eat that meat as it is, but how will you go about that?”

Now that I think about it, how do Allen and Elena want to eat that meat?

If they wanted to cut it up, there was no need to roast it as is in the first place, no?

“”Nibble~””

“……”

Najack-sama who confirmed with the children sunk into silence while Al-sama burst into laughter once again .

Well, I thought so . There’s no other way~

The manners are not too good, but it’s not like I don’t understand the feelings of wanting to try to eat it as it is, so I will shut my eyes this time .

“Allen, Elena . Are you fine with salt and pepper then?”

“”Yup!””

“It’s hot, so be careful not to scald yourselves . ”

“”Yeee~s . ””

When I sprinkled the meat over with salt and pepper, Allen and Elena immediately held up the meat on both ends and bit down .

Seeing the children bury their faces into the meat that was bigger than their heads was one of a kind of spectacle .

“Is it tasty?”

With their cheeks stuffed, the children nodded while chewing and bitting .

“”Delish!””

After sinking in their teeth to satisfaction, they chewed for a while then finally gave their impressions .

“Onii~ chan too . ”

“Say ahh~”

“Me too!?”

“”Yup!””

Then, the pushed out the meat to me and urged me to take a bite .

“”Quickly~””

It couldn’t be helped, so I also took a bite of the meat .

The two who watched me with smiles of all people presented the meat to Al-sama next .

“Oh, I can have a bite too?”

“”Yea!””

Unexpectedly, Al-sama was very willing as he bit down without any hesitation .

“Yeah, it’s tasty . Rather, eating in a way like this is quite a unique experience . ”

Allen and Elena continued and presented the meat to the three knights . Well, Kevin-sama was immediately on board, but Najack-sama and Claudio-sama were hesitating considerably . But, being stared at by Allen and Elena who were urging them “Quickly”, the two had no choice but to have their turn .




Chapter 183

We, who had rested on the floor with the transfer device had advanced on the eleventh floor .

“Our objective is the twelfth floor because of the Flamesaurus, but if I am not mistaken, don’t they appear on this floor as well?”

“Yeah, that’s correct . The highest encounter rate is on the twelfth floor, but they do apparently appear on lower floors too . ”

“I see . And so, if we encounter a lone Flamesaurus, we should leave it to you then, Al-sama?”

“Please do that . I may have three people following me, but taking on several opponents wouldn’t be possible for me, after all . ”

We were approaching the objective at last, so I decided to confirm the course of actions .

“Will collect a lot~”

“Delish~ meat~”

Allen and Elena heard that the Flamesaurus meat is tasty, so they were in high spirits .

“If a Flamesaurus appears, you two have to leave it to Al-sama, okay?”

“”We know~ If two appear~?””

“I’m fine with securing meat only of a single animal, so I don’t mind if you defeat the second one if it appears . ”

“”Ya~y♪ Al-sama, you are so futoi hara (fat belly)~””

“”Eh!?””

“”Uniyu?””

Al-sama and I opened our eyes wide in surprise after hearing Allen and Elena’s words .

… Futoi hara? Did they perhaps mean——

“… Allen, Elena . Did you mean ‘futoppara’ (magnanimous)?”

“”Ah, that~””

When I pointed it out, Allen and Elena said “Mixed it up” and stuck out their tongues

At the same time, I heard several voices that went “Bufu” . It was Najack-sama, Claudio-sama, and Kevin-sama .

Trying to endure their laughter but failing, Najack-sama and Claudio-sama started coughing violently .

“Your cooking is too delicious, so I have been overeating since entering the dungeon . I thought got fatter because of that . ”

Al-sama lowered his eyebrows while patting his stomach .

“Is fine~”

“Al-sama, is thi~n!”

“Ah, yep, thank you . ”

With Allen and Elena’s follow-up, Al-sama’s face got increasingly troubled .

“Ah~ Al-sama, the two mean no harm, so…”

“It’s fine . I know that——hey, you guys, stop laughing and let’s go . ”

“””Y, yes . ”””

Al-sama brought the three knights who were laughing too much, even choking, back to life .

Then, the three put their flustered breathing back in order .

“”That way~””

Allen and Elena’s remark was the reason behind the collapse of the knights, but… the three did not seem to mind it at all as they normally identified the direction .

“… Al-sama, it seems we are going left . ”

“Left it is . Alright, let’s go then . ”

Well, being laughed at was inevitable, so it couldn’t be helped?

The capture of the eleventh floor went as usual from the very beginning . While Allen and Elena were rushing at the monsters the moment they found them, we quickly advanced . And then…——

“”Whoa~♪””

An enormous lizard with bright red scales appeared .

“Whoa~ that is a big one, isn’t it~…”

“”So many~””

“It should be considered a good fortune to encounter a Flamesaurus on the eleventh floor, but isn’t there a little too many of them?”

“Nono, Al-sama . You can’t leave it at a little . ”

From the looks of it, there’s about ten-odd of them . You can’t categorize it as ‘a little too many’ anymore, right?

Their movements are slow, so there’s no need to panic, but the red wall was slowly approaching us .

“First of all, should I decrease their numbers a little?”

“N? Ahh, I don’t mind, but…”

“”Ehh~””

“I will only decrease their numbers, won’t defeat them all, okay?——Air Shot . ”

If I let this opportunity slip away, the level difference between the children and me will only extend . With the intentions of leaving only several Flamesauri in the vanguard, I aimed at the Flamesauri in the behind and fired my magic .

The magic hit nicely just as I wanted, and as I predicted, five Flamesauri were left .

“… This is also a quick defeat~”

“… More terrific than I thought . ”

“… It makes you feel that he really is the elder brother of those twins, huh~

“… Yes, indeed . ”

But, Al-sama and the three knights were dumbfounded for some reason .

It’s not like I defeated all of the Flamesauri, so there shouldn’t be any problems, right?

“Errr… can we leave the one in the front to Al-sama?”

“… Yeah, got it . ”

“Then, the remaining four…——”

“”Can defeat?””

“Sure . But, be careful around the scales, okay?”

“”Yee~s . ”

As planned, Al-sama was in charge of the one animal in the front, while Allen and Elena rushed towards the remaining four .

“Let us go too!”

“””Y, yes!”””

Following after the children, Al-sama’s group faced the Flamesaurus in a hurry .

I followed after everyone from a position where I could lend a hand immediately while picking up the loot from the Flamesauri I just killed . The loot was, of course, their meat, though~

“”Yaa!””

Before long, Allen and Elena defeated the four Flamesauri and happily run over to me while holding the meat .

“So many . ”

“Meat~”

One of the meats looked just like a lizard’s tail that got cut off, but… well, let’s not mind it .

“Ha!”

In the meanwhile, the three knights restrained the Flamesaurus’ movements, while Al-sama attacked… they repeated such actions, but their cooperation was splendid .

It went little by little, but Al-sama’s attacks were definitely effective .

“”Ah!””

“Oh!”

At that moment, the Flamesaurus spat fire .

Al-sama seemed to be expecting it though as he easily dodged .

“Fuu~…”

Then, exploiting the opening created when the Flamesaurus ended spitting fire, Al-sama delivered a stab, causing the Flamesaurus to collapse . After that, he let out a big sigh .

“”He did it~””

“I somehow managed to defeat it . ”

“Splendid work . With this, you have achieved your goal . ”

“Yeah, I can finally feel at peace . ”

Al-sama showed relief .

“We had a fortunate encounter, so we finished earlier than expected, didn’t we?”

“Indeed . If we go back to the tenth floor’s transfer device, it won’t take that much time to return . ”

“Yeah, I planned on staying here twice as long . Haha, Elder brother will be startled by our fast return . ”

“”Eeeh!?””

Hearing the conversation between Al-sama and the three knights, Allen and Elena let out a big voice .

They were showing whole-faced smiles just a little while ago, but now they looked like crying .

“”Going back-?””

“Ah~ sorry, but that is the case…”

“”Let’s go deeper~?””

“I would like to, but there’s something I have to settle as soon as possible…”

Seeing the children who were about to cry, Al-sama was overwhelmed . However, he accomplished his goal, and he has to return back, so he somehow tried to make the children understand .

“Now, now, Allen, Elena . You mustn’t trouble Al-sama . Let’s go out and send Al-sama back to the castle, we can come here after that again . ”

“”Au~””

“The next time, you can play with Joule and others to your heart’s content too… okay?”

“”… You promise?””

“Yeah, I promise . ”

Holding Allen and Elena up in my arms and confirming that the two consented, Al-sama’s group hurried to the tenth floor from which we returned on the surface, and we safely escorted him back to the castle . With this, the request is pretty much complete .




Chapter 184

We, who had returned to the castle after helping Al-sama obtain the Flamesaurus meat in the Huge Animals Dungeon were led to the royalty’s personal salon .

I actually planned on leaving once we sent Al-sama home, but he said he wanted us to go with him for some reason, so we came to the salon for who knows what reason .

“I have just returned . ”

“Welcome back, Alfried . ”

There was Tristan-sama, Grace-sama, and Austin-sama in the salon, but also an elderly person I was not familiar with .

“Oh, you were quick~”

“Why are you here!”

The moment he saw the elderly person, Al-sama made a displeased expression .

They seem to be acquaintances, but… it’s rare for Al-sama to be belligerent right from the start, isn’t it~

“What~ I heard that my cute great-nephew has gone to a dungeon . I came to confirm the results . ”

N? Great-nephew?

So that means, this person is… Al-sama’s grandfather——the late king’s brother?

“Isn’t that strange, though! I came here to report, and yet you are here earlier than me!!”

“I had people at the dungeon’s entrance and had them return super fast after they confirmed that you left the dungeon, so after hearing the report, I immediately left my mansion, that was the plan . ”

Wow, he left people on standby at the dungeon all this time? Even though he had no knowledge of when we would be returning?

… Moreover, rather than being worried about Al-sama, he seemed to have done that for his own amusement .

“For what reason!”

“That is, of course, to eat fresh Flamesaurus meat! Since you have returned, it means that you have fulfilled the promise you made to me, no?”

Oh my, the cunning, nagging old man who made Al-sama go obtain the Flamesaurus meat… was this person?

I was imagining a craftier, more sly character, but… it seems that I was totally wrong . If I had to say from his speech and conduct, he seems to be having fun teasing Al-sama .

Well, speaking from the standpoint of the teased party, I wouldn’t be able to welcome it too much either~

“Were you able to complete the errand?”

“What do you mean by errand!”

“I have asked you for Flamesaurus meat, so it’s a proper errand . So, how was it?”

“I have returned because I have obtained it, alright!”

“Hooh~ so you did obtain it? However, it’s not like I could see what had happened in the dungeon . Were you really the one who defeated it?”

“I did!”

While watching Al-sama and the elder quarreling(?) in perplexion, I caught a sight of Austin-sama beckoning me over .

“Austin-sama, just what is this about?”

I came over to Austin-sama’s side and inquired about the situation .

“He’s our granduncle… the late emperor’s little brother, Lionel-sama . He is, how do I say it… very affectionate to Felix and Alfried . This time disturbance was also caused by granduncle making fun of Alfried’s swordsmanship skills . ”

Oh well… it was apparently an impulsive decision .

Rather, Al-sama . Aren’t you too easily swayed by Lionel-sama’s words?

“Ah, by the way, he was also ‘affectionate’ to me as well, but because I don’t give such reactions as Felix and Alfried, granduncle started targeting only those two little brothers of mine . ”

Ah, yeah… Austin-sama seems like someone who would be able to evade without a flaw .

Although they are quarreling over there, Lionel-sama who can tease Felix-sama and Al-sama to his heart’s content must be having lots of fun, huh .

“It’s all right to leave them alone then?”

“Yeah, they will keep at it for a while . In the meanwhile…——”

“Would you tell us about what happened in the dungeon?”

“Yeah, I would like to hear it as well . ”

“”Yeah . ””

We decided to leave Al-sama and Lionel-sama alone for the time being, but… interrupting Austin-sama, Grace-sama and Tristan-sama asked Allen and Elena about the events in the dungeon .

“”You see~…””

Allen and Elena happily spoke about how they fought many monsters and obtained lots of meat . Tristan-sama, Grace-sama, and Austin-sama listened to the children’s story-telling with a great interest .

When they spoke about the hidden route, the three who were listening showed expressions of surprise .

“This is quite serious information…”

“No, I think we should have been ready to receive information of such extent once Takumi accepted the request . ”

“That might be true . Should I urgently organize a unit?”

“N~… no, we should leave this to the Adventurer’s Guild . ”

“Ah, that’s also true . Then, I will contact the guild about this myself . ”

“Yeah, I will leave it to you . ”

They have decided to entrust the hidden route to the Adventurer’s Guild with Austin-sama in charge .

That is fine with me, but I have a feeling that I will be called over by Andy-san later . Should we show our faces at the Adventurer’s Guild once before we get summoned?

“”And then~””

“We found . ”

“Not tasty water~”

In the meanwhile, Allen and Elena’s story advanced and they talked about the Nippy Liquor we found on the hidden route .

“Oh my, not tasty water?”

“N? Not tasty… water? ——Are you speaking of alcohol!?”

Grace-sama looked in wonder after hearing Allen and Elena’s words, but Tristan-sama seemed to somehow understand . He had heard the children talk about “not tasty beverage” before, when I was handing him the brandy, after all~

“Yeah, it’s as you said . We have found a new alcoholic beverage . ”

“Ohh!”

Tristan-sama showed cheerful expression .

“What kind of drink have you found? Something similar to that brandy?”

“It was a different kind of drink . It’s called Nippy Liquor and it’s an alcoholic beverage made from White Wheat . ”

“Takumi, have you fetched some?”

“Yes, I did . Of course, I got some for you as well . ”

“Ohh~ as expected of you, Takumi . A new drink, huh~ I very much look forward to it!”

At that moment, Lionel-sama who continued quarreling with Al-sama was staring at me .

“Did you say a new alcoholic beverage just now?”

“Eh?”

“So, did you?”

“Y, yes, we found an alcoholic drink made from White Wheat called Nippy Liquor . ”

“What! That is wonderful!”

Apparently, Lionel-sama is fonder of alcohol than Tristan-sama as he immediately stopped paying attention to Al-sama whom he was teasing up until now .




Chapter 185

Slip of the tongue? 

“Granduncle is a matchless drinker, you see?”

“Ah, so it’s like that, after all . ”

Austin-sama whispered me some intel about Lionel-sama .

“Takumi, was it? Say your price . Sell that Nippy Liquor to me!”

Lionel-sama is a considerable drinker, it seems .

No matter how I blow the price up, he appears set on buying it .

“Ah~… it was supposed to be a present anyway, so err… I will give some to you as well, as a sign of acquaintanceship, Lionel-sama . ”

“That so!”

Lionel-sama was making a face that was saying ‘quickly give it to me’ so I retrieved a cask of cold sake from my Infinite Storage .

I originally fetched a large quantity for Tristan-sama and the knights, so when I obediently and without a problem gave Lionel-sama a cask, he made a really delighted expression .

… This person really likes alcohol, doesn’t he?

“Hooh~ it’s my first time seeing alcohol so transparent in color! —— Tristan, quickly prepare a glass for me!”

“Uncle, it’s still only before noon, you know?”

“What are you saying! Are you telling me to endure with a new drink in front of me! I want to enjoy my short remaining years! —— Ahh, Alfried, Flamesaurus steak sounds good too . Off you go to the kitchen!”

Al-sama muttered “Geezer” under his nose .

“Ohh, sorry about that! I have to pay the errand boy, don’t I? I completely ended up forgetting . ”

Lionel-sama treated Al-sama smoothly like a child .

Is this attitude on purpose… I wonder? But you know~ considering Lionel-sama’s age, Al-sama really is like a grandchild to him, so isn’t he only being affectionate to him?

They look like meddling, overprotective grandpa and grandchild who finds him bothersome…

“If Granduncle is drinking then Father won’t be able to endure either, right?”

“Then, is a drinking bout about to start? How about work?”

“N? Ahh, the pressing things have been already settled, so it should be fine for now . Well, there’s a chance that something going to jump in, though . ”

If there won’t be problems with work, then I have no problems if they start a drinking bout now . It’s just that we have missed our timing to go home .

“”Hey, is it not lunch time yet~?””

At that moment, Allen and Elena complained about being hungry .

“Ah, right . Can you wait a little longer?”

“”Only a little?””

“Err, that’s…”

“Oh my, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, you guys are hungry?”

We left the dungeon just a little before lunchtime . That’s why I told them that we would eat after we return to the town, but we have missed the lunch because we were taken here .

“Pardon us . We planned on having lunch after sending Al-sama home, so…”

“My, my, that is a serious matter! Allen-chan, Elena-chan, I am sorry that I had not noticed . I will have the food prepared immediately, so wait for a little longer please, okay?”

“”Yup, thank you!””

“Eh? Grace-sama, wait a moment please . ”

Grace-sama went to arrange the lunch, so I stopped her in a hurry .

“We cannot have you go to such lengths for us, can we?”

“My, this much is fine . I mean, I still want to hear more from the two~”

… It seems that we can’t return just yet .

If that’s the case, then it would be better to have the lunch arranged . Me aside, it’s not like I can have the children miss a lunch .

“Umm… please do that then . ”

“Fufu . Yes, wait a moment . I will have it prepared right away . ”

Grace-sama promptly went to arrange the lunch .

At the same time, Lionel-sama asked for a variety of drinking snacks, and did not forget to have the Flamesaurus meat prepared .

“Sorry for having you tag along with me, Takumi . ”

At that moment, the exhausted Al-sama came to our side .

“Al-sama, tired~?”

“Al-sama, you okay~?”

Al-sama was making an expression that could be considered haggard, so Allen and Elena looked at him worriedly .

“Yes, I am fine . Thank you for your concern . ”

“”Yeah . ””

“I know that I am at fault for taking him seriously, but… when Granduncle is my opponent, I can’t stay calm for some reason . ”

“Well, isn’t that just fine? It would be a problem if the opponent was a retainer or a person from another country, but Lionel-sama is a family, no?”

“Eh?”

“Rather, if Lionel-sama is treating you like a child, why don’t you approach him like a one and demand more pocket money from him or something along those lines?”

Al-sama seemed to be reflecting on his interaction with Lionel-sama, but I don’t think he’s doing something wrong . Rather, I thought it would be fine to act more defiant, so I conveyed that to Al-sama .

There, I heard “Bufu!” a sound of bursting laughter . The source of the sound seemed to be Tristan-sama and Lionel-sama .

The two were enduring laughter .

Looking carefully, Grace-sama and Austin-sama were holding back too .

“… Pardon my rudeness . That was not something that should have been said in front of the person himself . ”

“N, no… I don’t mind . ”

When I apologized to Lionel-sama, he replied while trying to hold back laughing .

However, did I say something so laughable?

“Oh dear me, Takumi is quite the person worthy of note, isn’t he?”

“That is only natural . He’s a person who had caught my eyes, after all . ”

“I like him too . I would like those malicious guys to follow his example . ”

“Takumi is for a better or worse, an honest youth, after all~”

Tristan-sama and Lionel-sama then kept talking about me for a while .

I certainly am bad at scheming while hiding my intentions, and my emotions apparently immediately appear on my face, but… why would you be pleased with that? Is the royalty surrounded by so many malicious people or something? The world really is a scary place, isn’t it~

Also, what am I going to do if I become a target of Lionel-sama’s teasing because he’s pleased with me? No, but, Lionel-sama finds the resistance amusing, so I shouldn’t become his target, no? Yeah, there shouldn’t be a problem .

“Oh, the drinking snacks are here . Shall we start then? Tristan, pour the Nippy Liquor . ”

When the lunch Grace-sama had asked for and the drinking appetizers for Lionel-sama and Tristan-sama were carried in, Lionel-sama immediately demanded Tristan-sama to pour the sake .




Chapter 186

A pot-au-feu-like soup with many garnishes, a salad, bread, and fruits in heaps were carried before Allen and Elena .

For Lionel-sama and Tristan-sama, it was the Flamesaurus steak with steaks of other kinds of meat, stir-fried vegetables, and pickle-like things .

“”Will dig in~””

“Yes, go ahead . ”

Allen and Elena promptly sought permission from Grace-sama and started eating .

“Ohh, this is delicious!”

Before I noticed, Lionel-sama as already tasting the Nippy Liquor and was pouring himself another helping .

Although his glass was smaller than usual, he drank it in one gulp from a glass that was bigger than the normal sake cup . It seems that he liked the taste of the sake, and was also a considerably heavy drinker .

“Let me see, how does the Flamesaurus meat taste~——n . This is also quite something . Alfried, it’s tasty . ”

“… I am glad to hear that . However, hogging it all to yourself is not good . ”

“N?”

“The children had been curious about the Flamesaurus meat’s taste all this time . Despite that, you eat it all by yourself~ See, please take a look . They are watching you the whole time, Granduncle . ”

As Al-sama said, Allen and Elena were jii~… staring at Lionel-sama who was eating the Flamesaurus steak .

“… Allen, Elena, we still have plenty of Flamesaurus meat . I will cook it for you today, so don’t stare so much . ”

“”Au~””

“Nono, this was my fault . Here, lad, missy, let’s eat together . ”

“”Is fine?””

“It’s fine, it’s fine . ”

“Sorry about this, Lionel-sama . ”

“What are you saying, this meat and alcohol was a present from you guys, so I should be taking part in looking after you, don’t worry about it . ”

“”Delish~””

“I see, it’s delicious?”

When Allen and Elena sweetly smiled after tasting the Flamesaurus meat Lionel-sama handed them, he also smiled widely at them .

“Oh, this is certainly tasty . ”

“Indeed . The aftertaste is refreshing, isn’t it?”

Tristan-sama and Austin-sama tasted the Nippy Liquor too, and they seemed to be pleased with its taste .

“Well~ Tasting new kind of alcohol again is a happy occasion . ”

“N? Tristan… did you say ‘again’ just now? Do you mean that a new alcoholic drink beside this Nippy Liquor has been discovered?”

“Ah!”

Interjected by Lionel-sama, Tristan-sama made a “Oh, darn” expression .

Did he perhaps mean the brandy? Did Tristan-sama keep the brandy secret from Lionel-sama?

“Err… that’s…”

Although Tristan-sama was a country’s king, he wasn’t a match for his uncle as his eyes were totally swimming the other way when doubted .

“Oh my, I have not heard about that either . ”

Whoaa~ it appears he kept it secret from Grace-sama too .

Grace-sama directed a sharp gaze towards Tristan-sama and his face has visibly turned pale .

“That’s, umm… Takumi . ”

“Takumi, you say?”

“Takumi-san?”

“……”

With Tristan-sama’s words, Lionel-sama and Grace-sama directed their gazes onto me .

… Tristan-sama, you have definitely turned the tip of the spear towards me, did you not?

“I certainly discovered a drink called Brandy in the ‘Dungeon of Ripples’ however, I gifted it to Tristan-sama at my first audience with him~”

“Hooh~”

“Oh my~”

“!”

Hearing my words, the gazes of Lionel-sama and Grace-sama returned on Tristan-sama .

“I, I just forgot to tell you! Actually, Conrad knows of this alcoholic drink too!”

… Conrad? Ahh, the Prime Minister? Well, he was there when I presented the brandy, so he is indeed aware~

“Then, where do you keep that drink? You won’t say that it’s in your office, will you?”

“……”

Looking at Tristan-sama’s reaction, it seems to be a bullseye . A dreadful smile floated on Grace-sama’s face . What an incredible impact even though she’s smiling .

Still… not in the alcohol storeroom or kitchen, but in his office?

“Al-sama . ”

“What is it, Takumi?”

“Does Tristan-sama have a restriction on alcohol by any chance?”

“No, he usually does not have a restriction like that . It’s normal for him to drink fruit wine or mead at dinner… ahh, but, when he shows obvious exhaustion while not finished with his official duties, Mother forbids him from drinking . ”

By any chance… did he hide it in his office to drink in secret? But, I gifted him quite a number of bottles, though? To hide all of that, it’s actually amazing~

“Takumi-dono, do you still possess the drink called brandy?”

“I do . ——Ahh, right . Since Tristan-sama hid it, Austin-sama and others must have not drunk it yet, right?”

I asked for new glasses, took out the brandy from my Infinite Storage and poured it into the glasses for Lionel-sama, Austin-sama, and Al-sama .

Grace-sama was lecturing Tristan-sama, so I quietly pushed the glass towards her .

“It’s a strong kind of alcoholic drink, so please don’t drink it in one gulp . ”

“Hooh~ so this is the brandy, huh . ”

“It smells nice . ”

“That’s certainly true . The color is also of a lovely amber . ”

The three who received the glasses confirmed the appearances and fragrance and tasted the brandy .

“Ohh! It certainly is a strong drink, but this is also tasty!”

“It’s a little bit too harsh for me . ”

“In that case, ice…——no, let’s dilute it with water . ”

The drink was apparently too strong for Austin-sama, I added cold water to his glass .

“Yeah, it became easier to drink . ”

Thus, Lionel-sama and Al-sama followed and added water .

“Hooh~ it became easy to drink like this!——Takumi, you said you also got this alcohol from a dungeon? On what floor did you get it? Ah, if you are hiding it, then you don’t have to say . ”

“It’s fine . I got this from the twentieth floor . ”

“””!?”””

I don’t intend to keep the brandy spot secret . Far from that, I already talked about it with the Risner Household .

Therefore, when I told the three on what floor I found it, their breath was visibly taken away .

“T, twentieth floor, you say!? Takumi, the Dungeon of Ripples has thirty floors in total, right? Does that mean that you captured it!?”

Al-sama was thoroughly excited .

“… Calm down, Alfried . Takumi-dono has the strength to walk through an intermediate dungeon with ease, so it’s not strange for him to capture it . ”

“I know that very well from going to the dungeon together with him! However, Elder brother! The timing is weird! The dungeon was discovered just a while ago! And yet, he already captured it, what’s up with that!”

“That’s………… because it’s Takumi-dono, so it can’t be helped . ”

“………… Ahh, that’s true . ”

… That was cold of you, Austin-sama . Also, don’t agree with him so readily, Al-sama .




Chapter 187

“We diverted from the topic, didn’t we? Takumi, do you have any intentions of trying to produce this Brandy and Nippy liquor?”

“Err… I don’t know how to brew alcohol?”

While Austin-sama and Al-sama hung their heads, Lionel-sama had a proposal .

However, even if he says “produce”, see~? Even if I know the materials needed, making it wouldn’t be possible for me .

“Nono, I did not mean that . Let the brewing for the workers . I meant it as in bringing the alcohol to the workshop, and making a request for them to produce something similar . ”

I was wrong . He did not mean that I should try making it . Well, of course~

Still, making a request in a workshop, huh . I had not thought about it before .

Although I might be able to obtain Brandy and Nippy liquor if I visit a dungeon again, depending on my current location, I might not be able to get it immediately .

Even at the current stage, if we go to fetch the Nippy liquor immediately, let Joule and Feat carry the Brandy, advance through the dungeon without any problems, it would still take several days .

Besides, there are many unknown factors within a dungeon, so things like “the place might change” or “disappear” might also happen .

That’s why, taking the alcohol I have on me to the workshop and having them make something similar would be a good thing . Being able to get it anywhere would be huge .

“Umm… what do I have to do, concretely?”

“Although I said a request, it’s an investment, to be precise . I will fund it, but there’s nothing to talk about with no alcohol at hand, so I would have to leave that to you, Takumi . ”

“That’s no problem then . I have no idea how much it would cost, but I can fund it myself?”

I can go immediately to get more of the Nippy liquor and I should have plenty of Brandy left, so there shouldn’t be a problem .

The problem are the funds . I have no idea how much money would be appropriate to invest . But well, I do have quite a lot of savings, so I should have enough .

It’s not good to say, but I actually have no idea myself just how much money I am carrying on me .

Well, at worst, I have plenty of things to sell in my Infinite Storage .

“N, is that so?… Indeed, you should be the main investor so you get the rights, and I should only offer my assistance?”

When I said that I can fund it myself, Lionel-sama quietly thought .

Rights, you mean that? Like with the curry powder, I will be receiving a part of the profits?

I am not particularly good in that regard, so it would be better for Lionel-sama to think and act there .

Ah, which reminds me, I have not confirmed the sales from the curry powder even once at the guild . I certainly was told to go to the guild periodically to confirm the deposit .

Also, I requested the production of “Simple Salt Series” and did not go to confirm the final product . I should visit the Fiji Company before long .

“Takumi, it’s not absolute that the alcohol will get completed . Do you still not mind funding it?”

“Yes, I know how difficult making things from scratch is . ”

“As long as you understand . Although, this time’s goal already is a finished product . Even though it may take time, it will surely get finished some day . ”

As I thought, having a sample makes an exceptional difference .

I know the materials, and we know the taste of the final product, so all that’s left is the worker’s skill——or rather, just how much time it would take to make with trial and error…

“We will join together in explaining the workers in detail . Takumi is there a workshop you would like to place the request to?”

“No, I have not visited a brewing workshop before…”

“Then, are you fine with a workshop I am well acquaintanced with?”

“Yes, if you could, I will leave it to you, Lionel-sama . ”

I neither don’t know where a brewing workshop is, nor how it works there .

I have no problems with whichever workshop is chosen for the job, so I can feel at ease with Lionel-sama’s introduction .

“Umu . I will take you there tomorrow then . ”

“Eh? T, tomorrow?”

“N? Is it not convenient?”

“No, it’s fine . ”

Lionel-sama acts fast .

Ah, but, he came here immediately upon hearing that we left the dungeon, so is he perhaps the type of a person that acts before a delay?

But, if we postpone it, I am going to forget, and then I will miss the timing, so I am thankful if we could get it done as soon as possible .

“”The dungeon~?””

There, Allen and Elena who were eating in a daze raised their voices in dissatisfaction .

I have promised them to return after sending Al-sama to the castle, after all .

On that very day… or tomorrow… I have not promised them a concrete day, but the children surely thought that we would immediately turn back and go to the dungeon .

“What? What’s the matter?”

“Erm, I have promised the children to go to the Huge Animals Dungeon by ourselves the next time . ”

“Hahaha~ I see, I see . You were planning to return to the dungeon, huh . ”

Lionel-sama who became aware of the reason behind the children’s dissatisfied expression, and laughed .

“Takumi certainly did promise the children to go to the dungeon when we were leaving, but… I thought you meant after resting for a while . ”

“Hahaha~ normally, that might have been the case . ”

Al-sama who knew the situation was still surprised .

Well, normally “we will go again” means “eventually” or “when there’s an opportunity” but for my children, it turns into “immediately . ”

In the first place, we live by doing what we want, so it’s not like we can’t go right away . But——

“Allen, Elena, let’s rest tomorrow and go on the day after tomorrow, okay?”

“”Muu~””

“Resting your body is important, alright?”

“”… Yess~””

Allen and Elena reluctantly agreed .

I am sorry to the two, but finishing things tomorrow takes priority .

We will be loitering around the town, so it’s not like we will be slowly resting at home, but it would still be considered, more or less, taking a rest .

As expected, jumping straight into the dungeon wouldn’t be good for the health . Let’s bask in the sun at least for a day!

“Now that we finished talking, let’s drink~ Takumi, pour me the Nippy liquor next . ”

“Ah, yes . ”

We have finished the talk, and Lionel-sama demanded seconds, so I poured him in a hurry .

“By the way…”

“N? Ah, if it’s about Father and Mother, then they are not finished yet . ”

When I looked Tristan-sama and Grace-sama’s way, the lecturing was still ongoing .

Al-sama who noticed my gaze shook his head with an exhausted expression .

“The contents of his secret were bad~ Takumi, don’t look over there to the best of your ability . If Father sends you a gaze seeking help, ignore it . ”

“Indeed . Mother has quite a short temper, so please handle it as if that scene didn’t exist . ”

“………… Roger that . ”

Following Al-sama, Austin-sama adviced me with a serious expression, so I could only nod .

They meant ‘Let sleeping dogs lie’ .

“Tristan still has some way to go . ”

“”Some way to go~?””

“Correct, some way to go . Lad, Missy… no, it was Allen and Elena, right? You two, carefully think about the good things and bad things before you speak, pay attention to your remarks . ”

“”Yeah? Got it~””

“There, there . Good children . ”

Allen and Elena who received a piece of advice from Lionel-sama replied even while finding it strange .

The two are sharp . Because of that, they notice what others don’t, and end up speaking carelessly, so I am thankful for the advice .

Rather, I also speak carelessly, so I will pay attention too!




Chapter 188

The next day, we were taken by Lionel-sama to the alcohol brewing workshop .

“This is it . ”

“Lionel-sama!! What do you need from us today!?”

A young man who was a staff at the workshop noticed Lionel-sama and rushed over in a panic .

“Just a tiny favor . Is Nicholas in?”

“Y, yes! Please wait just a moment!?”

The person called Nicholas must be this workshop’s chief . The young man panicked again and ran off .

“Is he always like that?”

“Umu, generally . You see, the alcohol they produce here is a fruit wine made from Kukuru fruit, and ale made from barley . They also make mead from honey bee’s honey . ”

After seeing the young man off, Lionel-sama started explaining about this workshop .

“Three types of alcohol?”

“Yeah, that’s correct . Alcohol changes in taste with minor process differences . I like the taste of the alcohol they make here, so I am backing them up . ”

“Hee~ a taste you like, huh . That’s making me curious . Can you buy that alcohol in here? Or do I have to visit a store they sell it at?”

It’s my selfish imagination, but I believe that Lionel-sama is someone who fusses over the taste . If such Lionel-sama likes the taste of the alcohol made here, then it must be good . I would like to drink it .

“I’m buying directly from here, but… it’s not a small amount? What is it? Do you want to buy it, Takumi?”

“Yes . I am curious about the flavor of the alcohol here . ”

“Hoho, I see . Let’s confirm with them later then . ”

“Yes, let’s do that . ”

When I said that I would like to purchase the alcohol they have here, Lionel-sama made a delighted face . Is he happy that others show interest in something he likes?

“S, sorry to have kept you waiting!”

Just at that moment, a man in his forties who I guessed to be Nicholas-san came over .

“Oh~ Sorry about the sudden visit, Nicholas . Did we come at a bad time?”

“N, no! Lionel-sama’s business has the utmost priority, so there’s no problem at all!”

“I see, sorry about that . ”

It seems that he is Nicholas-san, just as I thought .

We were guided to a reception-like room in the workshop by Nicholas-san, and facing him, we sat on the sofa . Originally, Lionel-sama should be sitting in the middle in the seat of honor, but Allen and Elena sat there, sitting between me and him .

Lionel-sama’s guard stood behind the sofa .

Normally, this seating order would cause a problem, but Lionel-sama encouraged me to sit by himself, so I obediently followed . Allen and Elena are treating Lionel-sama, who is surprisingly an obliging person, as their grandpa, so they were sitting down obediently .

“Let’s get down the business right away… Nicholas, I would like you to drink something first . ”

Lionel-sama immediately got straight to the point . Therefore, I placed a bottle of Brandy and Nippy liquor at the table, I presented them to Nicholas-san .

“This is it? Please, excuse me . ”

While wondering, Nicholas-san took the bottles and confirmed the fragrances first .

“!! Li, Lionel-sama, just what might this be!?”

He must have understood that it’s alcohol from the scent . But, Nicholas-san also realized that it wasn’t alcohol that he was familiar with, so he leaned forward as he vigorously inquired about the contents of the bottles from Lionel-sama . He’s a bit… no, quite excited .

“Your nose is good, Nicholas~ Before I answer, try drinking it first . ”

“Y, yes! Then, excuse me…”

Maybe because it was an alcohol brewing workshop, there were many bottles lined up in the cupboard of the reception room, and glasses were on hand as well .

Nicholas-san took two glasses and sampled each drink by rolling it inside of his mouth .

“What a thing! To think something like this existed in this world!!”

Nicholas-san seemed deeply emotional as he spilled his impressions in anguish .

What kind of reaction is this?

“It’s delicious, right?”

“Yes, yes! Lionel-sama, please teach this younger generation! Please tell me what this alcohol is!!”

This reaction…

“Since you have come with this young man, does it mean it’s related to him?”

“Correct . This alcohol has been discovered by him—Takumi, in dungeons . ”

“!! Dungeons, you say!?”

“Indeed . The amber-colored alcohol is Brandy, the clear one is called Nippy liquor . ”

“Brandy and Nippy liquor!!”

“How about it, are you up for a challenge of manufacturing these alcohols?”

“I, if you are fine with me!”

“I came here because I believe in you!”

Lionel-sama and Nicholas-san got instantly fired up and started talking about alcohol in a good mood .

“”Onii~ chan . ””

“N?”

“”Not done~?””

“… N~ a little bit longer, I think?”

We are totally left behind .

“Sorry . We got fired up all on our own . ”

“Pardon me . ”

The alcohol discussion continued for a while, but noticing Allen and Elena’s gazes, Lionel-sama and Nicholas-san made apologetic expressions .

“No worries . Does it mean that you are going to attempt recreating the Brandy and Nippy liquor then, Nicholas-san?”

“Yes!”

That being the case, the alcohol brewing will be left to Nicholas-san, and the investment money will be collected by Lionel-sama .

For now, we will be using a reference of another two kinds of alcohol when offering the investment funds .

If the funds weren’t enough, Lionel-sama will contact me .

“The Brandy is made from Kukuru fruit . ”

After that, I told him everything I know about the two alcoholic drinks .

I have no doubts about the materials . They came from my Appraisal after all .

“Kukuru fruit!? However, we are already making fruit wine from the Kukuru fruit, you know!?”

“From my memory, Brandy should be made by processing the Kukuru fruit wine further, while strengthening its alcoholic contents . ”

“I see, processing it further into another…”

Or so I think?

Err… what else~? Fermentation is done during the manufacturing process . The fruit wine should be as mature as possible .

If heated, the alcohol will disappear . Far from rising, the alcohol’s degree will get lowe——… huh? That’s it!

Right, it’s collecting the vaporized alcohol! The science experiment that heated up seawater to create fresh water from steam, it talked about this!

Ermm… was it a distillation?

When I poorly explained about the distillation, Lionel-sama and Nicholas-san both listened with great interest .

“That is a new technique! Nicholas, do you understand?”

“Yes, I will make sure to inform our members thoroughly to not leak this technique outside!”

While in blank amazement, it was decided that this information will be told only to the authorized people . Of course, this included me, the source of information, as well . Well, I don’t have anyone else to reveal this information anyway~

“But, what I told you now might not be precise, as I really am unclear about the process . ”

“No! It will be a good reference! Therefore, I would like you to tell me everything, no matter how trivial it is!”

Is he sure? There’s a possibility that I might be wrong .

“Is that so? Let’s see~ If I am not mistaken, you should be able to make a different alcoholic drink by increasing the alcoholic contents of the alcohol that uses wheat . ”

With wheat as the main ingredient and using the process of distillation, you should be able to make whiskey .

“What! There’s a possibility that another kind of alcoholic drink can be made!”

“Li, Lionel-sama, may we attempt manufacturing that one as well!?”

“Of course, Nicholas!”

Hearing about another alcoholic drink, both Lionel-sama and Nicholas-san’s eyes were sparkling .

“And so, about the Nippy liquor… I know that it’s made from White Wheat, but I don’t know the exact process . ”

“Is that so? In that case, we will use the materials and try manufacturing it just as ale and fruit wine first . ”

“Umu, that would be good . ”

Alcohol would normally take a long time to make, but Lionel-sama will apparently dispatch a person who can use “Aging” magic, to speed up the process .

“Well then, Nicholas . It will get busy here, but do your best . ”

“Yes, leave it to me!”

Lionel-sama will contact me about the funds and any progress . I will have to inform the Ruven family about this later .

Then, I received the alcohol Nicholas-san made, and we left the workshop .




Chapter 189

“”Where we going~?””

“To the guild . ”

After leaving the workshop, we parted with Lionel-sama and went towards the Merchant’s Guild .

“”Request~?””

“Ah, sorry, sorry . We are not going to the Adventurer’s Guild, but the Merchant’s Guild . ”

“”I see~””

Allen and Elena were in high spirits because they thought we were going to select a request at the Adventurer’s Guild, but they don’t seem to have any interest in the Merchant’s Guild .

“Well, we are just going to confirm something, so it will be done soon . After that, how about going shopping?”

“Shopping?”

“What we buying~?”

“N? The real objective is salt, but you can tell me if there’s something you want to buy . ”

“”Got it~””

The Merchant’s Guild was located in the center of the shopping district, it was a place with a lot of traffic, and the building itself was quite splendid .

“Oh, it’s here . ”

“”Here~?””

“Yeah, this is it . ”

There were many people inside, but unlike the Adventurer’s Guild, there were many elderly people .

“What may I help you with?”

“I would like to confirm whether I have a deposit . ”

“Yes, certainly . Please hand over your guild card . ”

“All right, here you go . ”

I immediately lined up at the counter and handed the receptionist the guild card after stating my business .

The card used here is the same card used at the Adventurer’s Guild, in fact, there’s a merchant rank right next to the adventurer rank . Well, my rank is the lowest one, which is F, though .

If I have any deposit here, I will be able to use this guild card to withdraw and deposit funds .

“My, so you were Kayano-sama!”

The receptionist who received my guild card opened her eyes wide in surprise .

This is my first time coming to the Capital’s Merchant’s Guild, but the receptionist is talking as if knowing about me .

“Err… you know of me?”

“Yes, there is no one among the staff who doesn’t know you, Kayano-sama . ”

“Eh!?”

Wait a moment!? Why do all staff members of a place I visited for the first time know me? Isn’t that strange!?

“Kayano-sama, would you like to hear the details of your deposit on this day?”

“Y, yeah, I would like to . ”

“Doing it here may have a bad effect, so please let’s talk in a separate room . ”

“Yes?”

Unmindful of my unrest, the receptionist continued talking, but this situation was too unexpected to me, so I got led to another room while confused .

“I will return your guild card . Kayano-sama, your merchant rank has risen, so please confirm that first . ”

“Eh?”

Oh, it’s true . My merchant rank increased to E .

How did my rank increase even though I have done nothing at all?

“Next, here’s the updated information on your deposit, please confirm . ”

“Yes, err…——eh?”

It looks like the deposit amount had been updated, so I checked the indication on the card .

However, when I saw the deposit, I let out a surprised voice without thinking .

“This… isn’t a mistake, is it?”

“Do not worry . Everything is as it should be . ”

There was an obviously strange amount of money added .

I deposited the money from selling the Evil Viper materials, so I had quite a lot stored up . And yet, the digits increased further .

The reason the receptionist took us to a different room is definitely because of this amount .

“Lots~”

“Of money~?”

“Yep, seems like it . We received lots . ”

“”Amazing~””

Allen and Elena smiled while tilting their heads to the side .

… They have peeked into my guild card from the sides, but they must have not understood well .

Well, I let Allen and Elena shop only a few times, after all . I have to increase the opportunities to have them shop on their own in the future .

“Fufu, it’s a difficult subject for children, after all . Kayano-sama, this——”

The receptionist handed me a piece of paper while smiling .

“These are the details regarding the deposit, so please use this as a reference . ”

“Thank you very much . ”

……… Huh? Aren’t there too many entries?

When I received the paper with details and promptly looked at it, there were more entries than I thought there would .

It was a startling fact that the Simple Salt Series was already selling, but Stefan-san treated it the same as the curry spices, so well, there aren’t any problems .

The problem is——jelly!? Mayonnaise!?

I taught Cedric-san about the jelly made from slime jelly, and left it to him to deal with it, but…

Did he perhaps really start a slime farm, and genuinely started selling jelly?

Furthermore, mayonnaise! I left the recipe with the chef of the Risner family, Ryan-san and told him that there wouldn’t be a problem if he spread the recipe through Merchant’s Guild, but… just what is this, I wonder?

Was it Cedric-san? Did he embark on the sale of mayonnaise too?

It’s not like there’s any harm for me in that, so let’s confirm with Cedric-san next time .

“How is it? Is there something you are unclear of?”

“It’s fine . Sorry for bothering you . ”

She asked me whether I want to withdraw money, but I decided to leave it at that today .

“Kayano-sama, may I inquire something of you?”

“Yes?”

“Kayano-sama, you have put up Gaya trees on sale, right?”

“… Y, yeah . ”

When my business finished, and I thought of leaving, the receptionist inquired about the Gaya trees .

“How do you know about that?” Is what I wanted to ask, but recalling the speed the news travel around in this world, I promptly swallowed my words .

“I heard that you are a user of Infinite Storage, Kayano-sama . Do you perhaps still have some Gaya trees on you? If you still do, would you consider selling them to the guild?”

“……”

I can’t hide it anymore . However, there’s no way I was so open about it . And yet, she knows about my Infinite Storage .

You truly can’t take information transmission lightly .

I will have to be really careful at times I really want to conceal it .

“Kayano-sama?”

“Ah, sorry . I do have Gaya trees . I have no problems selling them either . ”

“Truly!? Thank you very much! Then, let’s go to the warehouse at once!”

The receptionist who was calm and collected up until now got excited all of sudden and guided us to the warehouse .

“Master! Since you brought him here, perhaps!!”

“He really had them!?”

“He has! And he will sell them!”

“”Ohh~””

When we arrived at the warehouse, there were to men who seemed to be guild staff members waiting .

But, I did not fail to hear the words they said .

“… Guild Master?”

Ehh!? She was the Merchant’s Guild’s Guild Master?

When it comes to the Guild Master of all merchants, I imagined a man of experience, but… seems that I was wrong . She’s… only about thirty, you know?

“Kayano-sama . Master is a genuine Guild Master of this Merchant’s Guild . However, don’t get deceived by her looks that don’t match up with her age, all right?”

“Indeed . Master is able to get quite angry~”

… So that means she is older than thirty? She doesn’t look that way at all .

The Adventurer’s Guild’s master Andy-san also didn’t look his age . It’s not a regulation for a Guild Master to don’t look their age, is it?

“Be quiet, you two! ——Kayano-sama, sorry for the late introductions . I am Ada, the Guild Master here . ”

The receptionist, now the Guild Master, Ada-san, who was glaring at the two men completely changed her expression when she turned towards me and introduced herself with a smile .

“… Why is Guild Master doing a receptionist’s work?”

“It’s a hobby with actual benefits . But, I am busy at work so it’s only occasionally that I can do it . ”

She also said that she’s observing the attitudes of merchants who come to the Guild through the reception .

While she was doing casual tasks today and came out of her office, she noticed me who resembled the person in rumors, so she hurriedly posed as a receptionist .

“I thought something was up when we were told to prepare money and wait here . ”

“Well, it’s not like we can miss out on the Gaya trees, after all~”

The male staff apparently was instructed by Ada-san to prepare money for the Gaya trees and were waiting here .

What an incredible preparation~

“Kayano-sama, if possible, sell us five thick ones, please!”

“Okay, understood . ”

I sold five Gaya trees on the spot .




Chapter 190

After leaving the guild, we went to the Fiji Company next .

I intended to go there to confirm how their Simple Salt Series is going, but knowing that they have started already selling them, I thought of promptly getting my hands on it .

As we neared the Fiji Company, I could smell the fragrance of curry .

“”It’s curry’s smell!””

“Indeed . It seems that the stall is doing well too . ”

There was a queue before the stall .

I thought the number of customers would decrease with the release of curry salt, but that does not seem to have happened .

“Ta, Takumi-dono!!”

When we entered the Fiji Company, the president, Stefan-san, hurried over this time again .

“Hello, Stefan-san . ”

“”Hello~””

“W, welcome, thank… you for coming, please follow me . Haa…”

Even while out of breath, he gestured us to follow him inside .

“St, Stefan-san, we can wait! Please calm down!”

“P, par, pardon me…”

Stefan-san breathed in and out… while suffering, and put his breathing back in order after a while .

If he became flustered so much just because I came, I wouldn’t mind waiting to be called over after he finished his business . Ah~ but, only if we weren’t in a dungeon at that time .

“I’m truly sorry for making you wait . Takumi-dono, if you have time, I would like to talk to you about a little something inside…”

“Yes, that’s fine with me . ”

“I’m glad to hear that . Well then, please come this way . ”

We were guided by Stefan-san to a room deeper inside the building .

“Please, take a look at this . ”

After we sit on the chairs, Stefan-san lined up small bottles with colored lids on the table .

“Ah, is this perhaps the ‘Simple Salt’?”

“Yes, that is so . Regarding this matter, I would like to apologize . I’m truly sorry Takumi-dono . We have ended up selling them before receiving your permission . ”

“No, I don’t mind at all . Is this the full set?”

“Yes, from left, it’s the pepper salt, curry salt, garlic salt, ginger salt, lemoné salt, mins salt, and herbal salt . ”

“Ohh!”

The black lidded one was pepper, orange was curry, white was garlic, brown was ginger, yellow was lemoné, blue was mins, green was herbal . All are colorful and enjoyable to the eyes, and quite easy to understand when using them!

“That’s incredible . Don’t you have more types than what I suggested!”

Mins was, if I remember correctly… a plum-like fruit .

“The person in charge of the development went all out! I would be happy if you were pleased with the flavors that weren’t part of your suggestion too, though…”

“May I sample them?”

“Yes, of course, you can . I will have meat prepared right away . ”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, I will bring it over immediately, so please wait for a moment . ”

I intended to sample the salts on their own, but Stefan-san promptly brought mouthful-sized meat cubes and small dishes .

I put the contents of the bottle little by little on the side dishes and meat and ate it .

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

Naturally, Allen and Elena wanted to taste it too .

“Yep, it’s tasty . ”

“”Delish~””

In addition to the curry salt that was already being used by the street stall, the other salts were also quite nicely tasting .

Allen and Elena also ate deliciously .

“Stefan-san, all of them taste good!”

“Truly!? I am glad to hear that!!”

“This is definitely going to sell . ”

“Yes! In fact, it’s already selling!”

Well, taking the profit I got into consideration, it must be selling quite well .

“I see . The curry salt and herbal salt will be fine, but I’m sure the other salts and things similar to them will appear in other stores . ”

Most of the spices of this world are recognized as medicinal plants, so I don’t think they will think of using them for a while . Therefore, the curry itself should be safe for the time being .

And because of the same reason, the herbal salt should be fine because it’s made out of a combination of herbs .

Garlic and ginger are classified as herbs in this world, but they do appear on the market, so the salts made from these can be most likely reproduced .

Pepper salt is just a mixture which should be easy to do, lemoné and mins are also used frequently .

“I believe the pepper is inevitable . However, while I think the inferior versions of the garlic, ginger, lemoné, and mins will appear soon, salts of the same quality as ours will take a while to make . ”

“Is that so?”

“Yes, keeping the salt in its salty state while adding flavors proved to be quite difficult . ”

“Eh? You mean to say that it was very difficult to make, right!? I am sorry for asking you to do something so difficult!”

I see . This world doesn’t have ginger and garlic in the powdery state, so it’s not like they could just blend it together .

I did Stefan-san and the company wrong then, didn’t I~

“No, no! We are very grateful that you have granted us such a wonderful idea, no complaints whatsoever! Rather, if you have any other ideas, please comfortably instruct us!”

Far from taking offense, Stefan-san seemed to be told more .

“This Salt Series aside, I don’t have anything right at this moment . ”

Stefan-san was looking at me with a gaze that was saying to let him immediately know of the next idea, but I am not so capable to think of something this readily .

“More of the Salt Series, you say!!”

Ah, he took the bait there~

“Well, I do have a couple of ideas…”

“Please tell me by all means!!”

“I believe these to be simple, but things like chili pepper powder mixed with rough salt and such…”

Chili pepper powder does exist here, so I think the Series could be easily increased in variety .

The herbal salt too, would be fine to make with a different combination of herbs .

Also orange, lime, yuzu or different fruits from the citrus family would each yield a different taste .

Besides, they are already making lemoné salt, so they already know the method .

Right! I had not found Matcha yet, but I did find something similar to Ryokucha, so it might be good to make this one as well!

“Ohh! That’s wonderful!! I will have people work on it right away!”

When I conveyed my ideas, Stefan-san was already thinking of commercialization .

“I will be looking forward to it then . Ah, I would like to buy a few of each of these salts, is that fine?”

“Of course, it is! I had reserved your share, so please wait a moment!”

Stefan-san wanted to go and get it, but because I had other things I wanted to buy, I firmly refused and left the store after resupplying on ingredients and buying the salts .




Chapter 191

“Oops, Allen, Elena, can we stop by the temple before returning?”

“”Sure~””

After leaving the Fiji Company, we decided to visit the temple .

I recalled that I did not confirm with Syl his intentions of sending me Kaoka beans .

Seriously, why did he send them to me? A bit of time had passed since I made chocolate for the first time, so it’s not like he got interested in it after seeing us eat it .

Well, I do feel that there is not a significant reason behind it, though…

(Takumi-san . )

“Eh? What?”

The moment I entered the temple, I heard Syl’s panicked voice .

“”Onii~ chan?”

When I leaked out a surprised voice after hearing the sudden voice in my head, Allen and Elena looked at me curiously .

“Sorry, sorry . It’s nothing . You two, wait here for a little, okay?”

“Yea . ”

“Got it~”

After I patted the children’s heads and told them to wait, I spoke to Syl again .

(What’s the matter, Syl? You seem to be somewhat flustered?)

(Ta, Takumi-san, this is serious!)

(That’s what I am asking you, what is serious?)

(It’s the children’s birthday!)

(N? Birthday?)

(Yes! Today’s the day the children were born!!)

“!!”

Hearing Syl’s words, I checked the children’s status in panic .

＝＝＝＝＝

StatusSkillsTitles

Name: Allen (Elena)

Race: Human?

Occupation: Fighter

Age: 6

Level: 39

＝＝＝＝＝

Whoa~ the children’s age column truly changed into 6!!

I had so much on my mind recently I forgot to keep checking!

Today, I was luckily reminded by Syl, but if I didn’t visit the temple on a whim, wouldn’t I miss it!? How dreadful…

Err… today is the Water Day of the 4th week in the twelfth month, wasn’t it? It would be a New Year’s after a week… oh my? Wouldn’t it be Christmas on the Earth right now?

The winter is going to end in no time and spring will soon come~

Still, time flew by .

The malnourished, smaller than the average children of their age Allen and Elena had put on the weight, and they even grew taller . Wouldn’t their physiques now be better than that of an average adult?

Rather… their level is not a children’s level . Children would normally have single digit level at this age . Far from that, their levels are higher than that of adults, rather, they keep pulling apart in levels from me .

Narrowly, the variety of skills I have is more abundant, though!

Rather than that! I have to quickly prepare to celebrate their birthday!

Ahh, I have to inform Rebecca-san too!

(I can’t stay like this!)

(Ah! Takumi-san, wait! Wait a moment!)

(N? What is it, Syl?)

(Thank you for the chocolate . The Dorayaki I received previously was also delicious . )

(Ah… I see, I am glad to hear that . )

… Which reminds me, I have completely forgotten about the true purpose of my visit .

Compared to Allen and Elena’s birthday, it became something trivial~

(By the way, Syl . Why did you send me Kaoka beans all of sudden?)

(Eh? … Err, that’s because…)

Syl was short of words . What? Is it something difficult to say again?

I was curious about the reason, but it’s not like I have to know no matter what, so I won’t force him to say it .

(If you can’t say it, you don’t have to force yourself, you know?)

(No! That… it’s not like I can’t say it . It’s just that… Marianora-sama told me she wants to eat it…)

(……)

The Goddess of Creation wanted to eat it?

Whoa~ I did not imagine a reason like that at all~

(I, I see . Is Marianora-sama fond of sweets? In that case, wouldn’t it be better to occasionally send some things I make via the teleportation circle?)

(I, is that fine with you!?)

Syl was fast to reply .

Moreover, he seemed quite delighted . Do perhaps both Marianora-sama and Syl like sweets?

(Sending them frequently wouldn’t be possible, but… occasionally wouldn’t be a problem, you know?)

(P, please do that! I, if possible… if possible, I would like to ask for ice cream the next time…)

(Ice cream? I don’t mind that, but… ahh, didn’t I send chocolate ice cream too when I was sending the chocolate? Was it to your liking?)

(Yes! Me, Marianora-sama, Nomoodle and Salamanteel all enjoyed it and wanted to… umm, test the other flavors too…)

Did he share it with another three people? In that case, wasn’t the chocolate kinds I sent the last time not enough? I was thinking that Syl would eat it all by himself .

(All right . I will send you a variety of ice creams . )

(T, thank you very much~)

For some reason, Syl thanked me with a nearly weeping voice .

Did he want to eat ice cream that much? Well, let’s make sure I don’t forget to send it .

(I have to prepare for Allen and Elena’s birthday celebration, so I will be going now . )

(Y, yes! Takumi-san, please come by again, okay?)

(Yeah, see you, Syl . )

After finishing my conversation with Syl, I lifted Allen and Elena who were waiting for me up in my arms .

“”Onii~ chan?””

“Something came up, so we will be returning in a hurry . ”

“”Something~?””

“Yep . Something very important . ”

I rushed to the Ruven house with the two in my arms .




Chapter 192

I, who hurriedly returned to the Ruven mansion immediately informed Rebecca-san that today is Allen and Elena’s birthday .

“My! That is a serious matter!”

Then, in order to prepare for the celebration, Rebecca-san promptly left the room .

“Then, I will go prepare a feast with Barry-san . I will call Joule and others, so you guys wait with everyone in the room, okay?”

“”Will help~””

“N~ you can’t help just for today . ”

“”Can’t~?””

“No… it’s not like you must not, but…”

We are preparing for Allen and Elena’s birthday today, so I would like if they did not help out with anything if possible . That is my wish .

However, while that may be true, it’s difficult to say “You can’t help . ” to the two . Rather, I can’t say it……… now then, what do I do?

“Takumi-san, I have finished the arrangements!”

While troubled about what to do, Rebecca-san who rushed back to the room returned with a cheerful expression .

“… Oh my? Did something happen?”

“Rather than something happening… I thought of preparing some dishes, but…”

“”Will help~””

“——That being the case, I was troubled over what to do . ”

“My, oh my . ”

When I explained the situation to Rebecca-san, the children stated that they would tag along .

Seeing that, Rebecca-san let out a “Fufufu” giggle .

“I have time now and I am free . Allen-chan, Elena-chan, won’t you play together with Obaasama, pelase?”

Rebecca-san called out to the children, wanting me to “Leave it to her . ”

“”Mm~…?””

Allen and Elena alternated their gazes between me and Rebecca-san, seemingly troubled .

“I will be fine, you guys wait here and play with Rebecca-san . ”

“”Yea, got it~ —— Obaasama~ let’s play~””

“Oh my, thank you . ”

When I told the two to play with Rebecca-san, the two obediently chose to play .

“Then, Rebecca-san, I will leave the two with you . ”

“Yes, leave them to me . ”

“Allen, Elena . I will be going to the kitchen now . ”

“”Yup, got it~””

“Onii~ chan . ”

“Everyone is~?”

“……?”

Everyone? … Ah, they mean Joule and others .

I did tell them to wait here with Joule and others first .

“Err… Rebecca-san, may I leave my Contracted Beasts with you as well?”

“My! Is that the rumored Fenrir and Celestial Tiger? Sure, sure! I wanted to meet them! But, you did not quite introduce us~”

Thinking that summoning Contracted Beast in a noble’s house might not be a good idea, I was restraining myself to the best of my abilities, but Rebecca-san apparently couldn’t wait to meet Joule and others .

I would summon them on the spot if asked, but I was hesitating since I didn’t have the permission of those taking care of us .

“I am sorry about that . Umm… I will be calling everyone then . ”

I called for Joule and the other four and also summoned Shiro and the other four Rebecca-san was already familiar with .

“They are Fenrir Joule, Celestial Tiger Feat, Thunderhawk Bolt, Scarlet King Leo Vector, Forest Rat Mile . ”

“My, my, my! They are all cuties, aren’t they!”

The eyes of Rebecca-san who was looking at Joule and others were sparkling .

I have been missing the opportunity to introduce them up until now, but I am glad I did it now .

“Everyone, this is the madam of the family that is currently taking care of us, Rebecca-san . Wald-sama’s mother . Make sure to not be impolite to her . ”

“Kyan . ”

“Na~u . ”

“Pii . ”

“Garun . ”

“Kiyui . ”

Joule and others all acknowledged .

“Fufu, they really are well-behaved children, aren’t they?”

“Erm… Rebecca-san, you will be here with a large number of children if I leave them all here, are you really fine with that?”

“My, oh my, you have finally called for them, so don’t speak of sending them back . Everyone seems to be a good child, it will be fine . ”

“Is that so? ——Then, everyone, be good children and wait here, okay?”

The children all gave out a cheerful reply, so I left them to Rebecca-san and left for the kitchen .

“Takumi-sama, I was waiting for you!”

When I entered the kitchen, Barry-san was already waiting there with many ingredients prepared .

“I am sorry for the suddenness today . ”

“No, no! I heard that it’s Allen-sama and Elena-sama’s birthday today! I will assist you with my all!”

“Thank you very much . It’s just I have not decided what to make just yet . ”

“It was so sudden, after all . However, we still have plenty of time, so it will be fine . ”

What is the standard for a birthday party fest? Deep-fried chicken? Sushi?

Ah, but, it might be better to hold back on raw or fresh fish, so… scattered sushi? It might be good if made with boiled crab or shrimps, no?

Ah, I don’t have rice vinegar, though… well, I do have vinegar, so it should be fine . Rather, I am not going to use raw or fresh fish, so I can do without vinegar, I think?

Next… something Allen and Elena are fond of like potato salad and millet soup?

It’s still not enough, but let’s think about it while cooking .

Right, right, for a celebration, a decorated cake is a must . However, you see~ I can’t make a sponge . Do I substitute this with a pound cake? But it would be too hard with pound cake, wouldn’t it~

Ah! Wouldn’t Ice-cream cake or something be good?

“Barry-san, can I ask for your immediate help?”

“Yes, please instruct me!”

“First, I would like you to make ice cream, err… hardened in the size and shape of that pot over there and decorated with fruits and cream . ”

The chefs of the Runve Household had already improved their ice cream making skills, so it should be fine to leave this to Barry-san .

“Ohh! That is quite a novel idea again! Although we will have to leave the decoration to you, you can leave the foundation to us! What about the flavor?”

“Let’s see~ A tripe-flavor of milk, Ichi, and chocolate… it will take some time to make, are you fine with that?”

“Yes, leave it to us . ”

Barry-san promptly instructed other cooks and also began working himself .

“Well then, I should start as well…”

First, I should make seasonings for the deep-fried food, and then… what meat should I use? Barry-san had prepared fowl and rook bird meat in place of the chicken, but… let’s splurge here .

I retrieved Evil Viper meat from my Infinite Storage . It’s not chicken meat, but I believe that Evil Viper meat will taste great even if deep-fried .

“Ta, Takumi-sama~ A, about that meat… why do I feel an uncommon aura from it…”

“This meat? This is the Evil Viper meat . ”

“E, Evil Viper, you say-!!”

Starting with Barry-san’s scream, a series of screams echoed around the kitchen .

For today only, I don’t intend on holding back on ingredients! Therefore, I have already disregarded the screams of Barry-san and others!!




Chapter 193

“Allen, Elena, Happy Birthday!”

“”Uniyu?””

After a while in the kitchen occasionally echoing with screams, the feast had been successfully finished and Allen and Elena’s birthday party started .

However, Allen and Elena could only tilt their heads to the side after hearing the words of celebration . They had experienced Rebecca-san’s celebration before, so they should have a notion of what “birthday” is .

“Today is your birthday Allen, Elena . It’s the day you two had been born on . ”

“Allen’s~?”

“Elena’s~?

“Yeah . Therefore, today is the day you receive ‘congratulations’ . ”

“”N, you see… thank you?””

“Yup, that’s correct . ”

“”Ehehe~””

When I explained what birthday is, the two spoke up after thinking very hard for a while .

“Allen, Elena, let’s keep getting along, okay?”

“”Yea!””

Allen and Elena being born and me being able to meet them was my fortune .

Well, I would like to have a few words with Water God-sama who escaped from his responsibilities, but… thinking that I was able to meet the twins because of that makes me feel quite complicated .

“Allen-kun, Elena-chan, Happy Birthday . ”

“Allen-chan, Elena-chan, you are so cute~”

“”Happy Birthday, you two . ””

“”Thank you~””

The members of the Ruven family, Matthias-san, Rebecca-san, Velio-san, and Amelia-san wished the children Happy Birthday .

“Here, this is my present to you . ”

“”Thank you, Obaasama~””

Moreover, Rebecca-san was apparently able to prepare a present on the very day . While surprised about whether she prepared it in such a short time, she told me that she had prepared it a long time ago .

I was told… that although Allen and Elena’s birthday wasn’t ascertained, Rebecca-san was sure since her birthday that they must have their birthday somewhere near the time I met them for the first time, so she had prepared beforehand . As expected of her .

……… I did not think of preparing a present in advance .

“Allen-kun, Elena-san, Happy Birthday . ”

“”Happy Birthday, Allen-kun, Elena-chan . ””

“”How pretty~””

I thought it should be fine with just us congratulating them, so I did not consider inviting anyone . But, Rebecca-san was tactful and invited those we get along with . Moreover, even though it was sudden, many people gathered .

From the Risner family, Cedric-san, Isaac-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun came . Theodore-kun and Latis-kun presented them with a bouquet and Allen and Elena delightfully accepted .

By the way, when I inquired from Cedric-san about the jelly and mayonnaise in the spare time, he told me with a grin “You told me you don’t mind if it spreads, no?”

Yep, I did say that . I did, but also obtaining profit from it was unexpected . Well, one would normally welcome the extra income, but in my case, the surprise was bigger .

“Allen-kun, Elena-chan, Happy Birthday . ”

“Congratulations . How old are you guys now?”

“”Fiv… six~””

Larry-san and Helena-san from the McPherson family also came .

When asked about their age, Allen and Elena were about to reply five as they usually do, but they corrected themselves and said six . Still, they were perfectly in sync as usual .

“Allen, Elena, congratulations . ”

“Happy Birthday . ”

“Congrats~”

“”Thank you~””

“Erm… everyone, thank you very much for coming . ”

For some reason, Al-sama, Grace-sama, and Lionel-sama came too .

They have, for some mysterious reason, came to join us, but… I must not mind it, so I said my thanks without crumbling .

I don’t think Rebecca-san had an invitation written for the royalty too . Then, did they perhaps overhear from somewhere and decided to come?

Yep, it’s believable when you take these people into consideration .

“Still, everything here looks so delicious! Oh~ how glad I am we had our duties switched . Right, Isaac?”

“Wald-sama, you should congratulate the kids first, right?”

“Wald Niisan…”

“Grunwald, I know that the food must be delicious, but don’t overdo it with your gluttony . ”

“Indeed . Calm down a bit . ”

Wald-sama and Isaac-san naturally came for the family gathering, but Najack-sama, Kevin-sama, and Claudio-sama also came .

From what I understood, Wald-sama and Isaac-san who were on duty received a report about Allen and Elena’s birthday and the story had reached Al-sama and Grace-sama’s ears . The two are Royal Guards, after all .

Nevertheless… Wald-sama’s pace is stable as usual~ Well, that’s what makes him Wald-sama, though .

“Well, you are right . Allen, Elena, congratulations . ”

Yep, he indeed is Wald-sama .

“And so, you guys are also starving, right?”

“”Yea, starving~””

… It’s so like him, but I would like him to pay more attention to his words .

“”Onii~ chan . ””

“Food~”

“Can we eat~?”

“Sure . However, Allen, Elena… it’s ‘I am hungry’ you know?”

“I am . ”

“Hungry~”

“All right! Then, eat up a lot . Everyone too, don’t hold back and enjoy the food . ”

Once the meal started, everyone ate in a trance .

“Takumi, all of them are great! Especially this! This is super good! Rather, you were hiding so many dishes I have yet to eat!!”

What Wald-sama was highly praising was deep-fried Evil Viper meat .

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan . ””

“What is it?”

“”Is this big snake~?””

“Correct! So you guys could tell~”

Ohh~ it appears that Allen and Elena could recognize the deep-fried Evil Viper .

“Ngu!? W, wait a moment! Big snake, you say!? I have a bad feeling about this… is this meat perhaps…”

“Hahaha~ it’s a celebration so I have splurged!”

Wald-sama guessed the origins of the meat too as his face cramped .

Others who knew that I defeated Evil Viper before were also staring at the deep-fried meat .

Among the people who came today, only the McPherson couple, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun were making curious faces .

“Takumi, what other high-class ingredients have you used today!? Explain yourself at once! Alright?”

“Explain myself, you say…”

“Then, confess . No, spit it out . ”

“It’s getting worse!? Rather, I did not commit any crime, right!?”

“Don’t mind it and spit it out!”

“You are so heartless~ But, for the high-class ingredients, I have used only truffle, Snowbelow mushrooms, and Majesta fruit, you know?”

It’s abnormal mentioning these three ingredients in one sentence, but Wald-sama has eaten all of them before . Well, I won’t mention that now .

After a while, Wald-sama spoke to me again .

“Ah~… also, Takumi . I have been curious about this since a while ago, but…”

“N? What is it, Wald-sama?”

“That green pipsqueak wasn’t with you the last time, right? Did you get more?”

Wald-sama questioned while directing his gaze at Mile .

Joule and other Contracted Beasts are also participating in this birthday party . It’s Allen and Elena’s birthday, so Joule and others should participate too, Rebecca-san gave her permission .

“That’s a Forest Rat, Mile . I contracted her after coming to the Capital . ”

“As I thought . Well, let’s leave it at that . But, why are our people monopolizing your Contracted Beasts?”

As Wald-sama said, Rebecca-san was hugging Feat, Matthias-san was shrewdly holding Joule up in his arms . Additionally, Bolt was standing on Velio-san’s shoulder, while Mile was sitting on Amelia-san’s shoulder . At the feet of the Ruven family members, Vector was absentmindedly eating his food .

Therefore, the reason Rebecca-san permitted Joule and others to participate is that she has yet to enjoy them thoroughly, is what I think .

“It’s not like my children dislike it, so isn’t it just fine for today?”

“Well, if you say so . ”

After this, the peaceful party continued .




Chapter 194

The next day after the birthday party, I was pressed by Allen and Elena to go to the dungeon from the moment I woke up . They really are strange kids .

Therefore, we took Joule and others and went into the “Huge Animals Dungeon” once more, but the children were in too much of high spirits and captured the dungeon in no time while obtaining a large amount of meat .

“Ah! Crap!”

It was a new year and the cold has started fading away .

While leisurely resting in my room, I recalled that I did not send Syl the ice cream yet .

“”What~?””

“I promised someone to send them ice cream, but I forgot . ”

“Allen will eat ice too~”

“Elena too~”

I spoke about giving, not eating, though… oh well .

“I still have ice cream in stock, but we do have time… let’s make it!”

“”Make it~!””

Infinite Storage is convenient for eating things when outing, so I don’t want to cut the supply if possible . Although it has become spring, it’s still cold so eating ice cream outside is out of the question, but I quite do like eating ice cream in a warm room~

“Let’s resupply along with making Syl’s share . Why don’t I also challenge a new flavor of ice cream?”

“”New!!””

Hearing about a new flavor, Allen and Elena’s eyes sparkled .

“Will you help me?”

“”Yea!””

“Allen will make~”

“Elena will eat~”

“…… Oh my?”

“Nniyu?”

“Huh~?”

Allen and Elena tilted their heads as if something was wrong .

This is that, right? Elena’s “Eat” was definitely a slip of tongue, wasn’t it~

“Elena won’t be helping today?”

“”Ah!””

“Ehehe~ got it wrong~”

“Ahaha~ Elena made a mistake~”

When I pointed out what was wrong, Elena stuck out her tongue with a bit of embarrassment, and Allen laughed at her .

“Elena will make too!”

“Haha, then, I will be relying on you . ”

“Yea!”

Making no mistake about the children’s cuteness, we quickly moved to the kitchen and began making ice cream .

“Now then, what kind of flavor would you like to eat?”

“N, you see~… Allen, chocolate!”

“N, you see~… Elena, milk!”

“Roger that, chocolate and milk, huh . ”

What kind of flavor do I send to Syl~ anything except chocolate, I guess? Then, let’s go with milk-ichi… and I was thinking of making a new milk tea flavor .

“Allen, Elena, can I have you mix, mix, for me?”

“Yea, will mix, mix~”

“Also~ will split eggs~”

“Oh, then, I shall leave it to you~”

I thought of making the milk and chocolate ice cream the two requested, but using the chopped chocolate to make chocolate chips ice cream might be also a good idea!

“Allen, Elena, how about adding in chopped chocolate in to make crunchy ice cream?”

“”Ohh~ sounds good~””

Next, how about Ichi flavored ice cream? When it comes to chocolate chips ice creams, I do prefer choco-mint, though~ but, how do you make mint ice cream? No, I am aware that you mix mint extract in it . But, how do you get about the extract?

Should I soak mint in the Nippy Liquor? No, that would still be liquor, not usable for making ice cream, no? Ah, how about extracting essence by boiling? Yep, let’s give it a try .

When it comes to alcohol and ice cream, wouldn’t something like rum raising ice cream be possible to make with brandy? It’s an adult flavor that I couldn’t let the children try, but I might give it a try~

My~ how troubling . There are so many things I want to try~

I have also not made any sorbet and shaved ice until now . Well, I will need to have an ice-shaving machine made for the shaved ice, though! Will that magic tool shop uncle be able to make one for me, I wonder?

There’s the matter of hotplate too, why don’t I go inquire tomorrow?

“”Onii~ chan, eggs are split~””

“You two are so skilled at this!”

“”Ehehe~””

Wow~ they really improved~ some time ago when they were crushing the eggs already feels nostalgic .

“Then, I will go prepare the ingredients now, why don’t you two mix next?”

“”Yea!””

In the end, we made milk flavor, chocolate flavor, and Ichi flavor with chocolate chips . Then, we made black tea flavor, milk tea, ice cream from black sesame paste, ice cream with mixed red bean paste, one with Kukuru fruit that I soaked in brandy and mint ice cream .

“Ah~ this is also no good, huh~”

Most of the ice creams came out well, but only this mint ice cream keeps failing . Because the mint extract is too light, the mint’s fragrance is hardly there . The mint’s flavor can be hardly experienced . If I did not know there was mint in it, I would think it’s simple milk-flavored ice cream .

“”Delish~?””

“As milk ice cream, it is . ”

“”Mint? Can smell~””

I believe mint to be a flavor that you either love or hate, but Allen and Elena seem to like it . Although I say that, it’s not like there’s enough of it in the mint ice cream they are currently eating .

“But, it’s supposed to have a bit deeper taste, you know? I won’t keep trying today, but let’s give it a try next time . ”

“”Looking forward to it~””

Let’s try making mint ice cream in my free time again .

… Oops, let’s send the ice cream to Syl before I forget again .

“All right, this should be good——well then, shall we bring chocolate chips milk and chocolate ice creams in bowls and charge at Matthias-san and Rebecca-san?”

“”Charge♪””

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san are home today, so when I proposed that, Allen and Elena’s eyes sparkled .

“”Will!””

Allen and Elena then proceeded to literally charge at Matthias-san and Rebecca-san .

“”Charge~””

“Oh my, oh my, assault of cuteness came our way . ”

“My, oh my, you are right . Welcome, you two . What is the matter?”

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san who were enjoying tea together warmly welcomed the two .

“We made ice~”

“Let’s eat together~”

“My, I am so happy~”

After that, I was enjoying ice cream with everyone so I did not notice that Syl send me a great quantity of Mou Milk and Treasure eggs . Is he perhaps trying to tell me to make ice cream again?




Chapter 195

“Grandpa, hello~”

“”Hello~””

“Oh, it’s you guys . You did well coming~”

We have arrived to a magic tool store that from the appearances looked like a haunted house .

“The tools you have made for us are put to very good use . ”

I had a mixer and a juicer made here, moreover, a hand mixer and a mincer are also being made here .

“I am glad to hear that . So, do you have something else you would like to have made?”

“Actually, yes . I don’t mind if you tell me it’s not possible, but won’t you hear me out first?”

“Fuoh, fuoh, fuoh, let me hear it . It would be nice if this old fool would be able to make it for you . ”

“Thank you very much!”

Grandpa said he would gladly listen to me, so I explained to him about ice shaving magic tool and a hotplate-like thing first .

“A tool to shave ice thin and a largish iron plate resembling a cooking stove, huh . Umu, I should be able to make these two without any problems . ”

“Really!”

Like this, I would be able to get an ice-shaving machine and a hotplate in my hands~

“Ice shaving?”

“Stove~?”

“The ice-shaving tool is for making a snack made from ice . The stove is for grilling plenty of meat . ”

“”Ohh~!””

Allen and Elena were curious about the magic tools I wanted to make, so when I explained it to them in simple terms, the two’s eyes started sparkling .

“May I request you to make them then?”

“”Grandpa, please~””

“Fuoh, fuoh, fuoh . I don’t mind . It’s just that as with the rotating blade before, I will have to commission a blacksmith for the shaving blade and the iron plate . ”

“I don’t mind at all . Ah, could I ask you to request if it would be possible to make several interchangeable plates?”

“N? Got it, I will ask . ”

“Ah, when it comes to iron plates, I would like a deep, saucepan-like type too in addition to the flat type~ Ah, I would also like a plate for making takoyaki and stuff . But, wouldn’t it be better to explain that to the blacksmith personally?

“Grandpa, I would like to order more custom-made plates, but would the blacksmith accept your… or rather, would he be able to accept my order?”

“Yeah, it will be fine . Van specializes in making stuff like kitchen knives and pans . Fuoh, fuoh, fuoh, looks like you have something to request the blacksmith . ”

“Yes, I do . ”

“I will tell you about the place then . Why don’t I have you order in my place as well?”

“Yes, leave it to me . ”

I am glad to have the store introduced to me~ I am not able to tell a store that makes weapons and store that makes pans apart, after all .

“Also, Grandpa . I have one more request of you . ”

“N? What is it?”

“It’s about this…”

I retrieved the rice cooker from my Infinite Storage and showed it to Grandpa .

“Would you be able to make something similar?”

“Here, lemme take a peek inside . ”

“Yeah, go ahead . ”

I was asked by the Ruven family, Risner family, the people in the castle, and those who ate my curry and rice about my method of making rice . However, the rice cooker is something I received from Syl, so it’s not like they can buy rice cookers in the store . That’s why I had to teach them cooking in a pot instead .

Therefore, I thought whether the rice cooker couldn’t be reproduced .

“Hmm… heating seems to be the main point, but the temperature and timing are operated minutely . ”

Heh~ is that so? But certainly, the temperature increases and decreases as it needs when cooking rice .

“Is this to make food?”

“Yes, it’s for cooking White Wheat . ”

“White Wheat? You mean that White Wheat? It’s edible?”

“Yes, that very White Wheat . Would it be faster to let you try it?”

I retrieved steaming hot rice from my Infinite Storage and handed it to Grandpa .

“It’s eaten instead of bread . It’s a bit too early, but why don’t I prepare some side dishes too?”

“Hm, I will give it a try . But, why don’t you show me how it’s actually used?”

“Sure . It will be done soon . ”

I took out new rice, put in water, set up the rice cooker and started it . Grandpa started fixedly observing the rice cooker, so I borrowed a place and prepared the lunch .

“What would be nice, I wonder?”

“Shoyu!”

“Miso!”

“Indeed . Rice is best with shoyu and miso, isn’t it!”

“”Yea!””

While worried about the accompaniment for rice, Allen and Elena spoke their requests .

I would also like to make Grandpa understand rice’s charm, so I should go Japanese there .

“Then… fish boiled in salt… meat and potato stew, pickled veggies, and miso soup . How about that?”

“”Good~””

All right, the menu is decided . Rice won’t be cooking for long, so I have to make it quick!

“Oh, it stopped?”

“Seems like its finished . ”

While nearly finishing a fish called Rainbow Salmon… the rice finished cooking . I used Aging to finish cooking the potato, onion, carrot, Orc meat stew faster . I had Allen and Elena shred the cabbage while I cut the pickles I cut, so that’s good too . The Daikon, Shii mushroom miso soup is almost ready too, so…——

“Allen, Elena, could you stir it and serve it in rice bowls?”

“”Can do~””

“Then, I will leave it to you guys . ”

“”Okay!””

I requested Allen and Elena to serve the rice, while I arranged the accompaniments on the plates .

“Grandpa, let’s eat while its hot?”

“Ohh, thanks . ”

Rice is best freshly cooked, so I suggested eating right away .

“Ohh, this is delicious . ”

“”Delish~””

“So White Wheat gets this soft, huh~ Yeah, it goes well with the accompaniments too~”

Grandpa seemed to like it very much as he left nothing on his plate .

Of course, Allen and Elena cleaned up their plates too . Speaking of which, they don’t seem to have likes and dislikes when it comes to fish and vegetables .

“From the conclusion, it’s unlikely that I would be able to reproduce the same thing . ”

When I asked about the rice cooker after finishing the meal, Grandpa replied regrettably .

“… Is that so, that’s unfortunate . ”

“Now, now, let me finish . ”

“Hm?”

While feeling down after hearing Grandpa’s words, he advised me .

“The same thing wouldn’t be possible, but something similar——a degraded version if you will, might be possible . ”

“Eh? You are able to make it then?”

My excitement rose again .

“This thingy here, has a built-in mechanism to save time using space-time magic . ”

“Ah, that reminds me…”

Certainly, this rice cooker cooks rice quite quickly . I did not think anything about it since I took it for granted, but… so it uses space-time magic, huh .

“I am not able to use space-time magic myself, but everything else is possible . ”

“Ohh~”

Then, he would be able to make a simple rice cooker! That’s good news!

Even if he’s unable to shorten the time, as long as it could cook rice within 30 to 60 minutes, there won’t be any problems at all~

“Please, make it by all means!”

“Umu . I also became fond of White Wheat, so I will gladly get to work . ”

“Thank you very much!”

In regards to the rice cooker, I requested Grandpa to make several of them .




Chapter 196

We, who had left the magic tool store went straight to the blacksmith and placed a detailed order on the magic iron plates and rice cooker pot . Furthermore, I asked him to make whatever I needed myself, and then I had ordered even more and on top of that, I bought a pot they were selling there .

“”We bought so many~””

“That we did, didn’t we~”

It was still bright when we finished shopping, so we were strolling around the town .

“Please give me food!”

Then, we encountered Vivian who abruptly requested food .

“… Oy, Vivian . Is this the only opening line you have?”

“Ah! Have you completed the Yellow Millet dish?”

“Oy!”

I did promise her the last time to let her eat a meal made out of the Yellow Millet . I did, but… that’s not it!

“Ah! Takumi-san, this is Red Wheat that grows in a certain area, it’s actually treated the same way White Wheat is… Takumi-san, aren’t you interested?”

Red Wheat? By treated as White Wheat, does she mean it’s used as fodder for domestic animals?

N~ I wonder what it is~?

“Is it red, since it’s called Red Wheat?”

“I would say that the grains itself are more whitish then White Wheat? It’s called Red Wheat because of the skin? Husk? around it, I think? It’s bright red, after all~”

Heeh~ the husk is red, huh~ n? That reminds me, I have no idea what color the White Wheat husk is, or how it is grown . I used the logic I know when it comes to rice out of my own convenience, but… that’s not necessarily true, right~

Rather, I feel like it’s definitely different! I mean, I only polished the White Wheat I got clean! When it comes to fodder for domestic animals, they surely wouldn’t remove the husks like that!

“Vivian, I have never seen a White Wheat plantation, do you perhaps know what part of the plant the white grains grow at?”

“Yes, I know~ Err… it’s a plant that grows a little higher than my knee-height and~ the top part has several circular sacks growing on it~ umm, the white grains come from those sacks~”

… N~ Did I hear something similar? No, but wait——

“Does each sack have a grain? And is the Red Wheat the same?”

“Gee~ you have so many questions~ I would like to eat right about now, though~ I have no choice but to reply, but please do increase my meal in return, okay~ To answer your question, each sack is the size of a coin and every sack contains about twenty grains~ And, the Red Wheat is really only different in color~”

Ahh~ it was a bit different, just as I thought .

Still, it’s something similar to rice, huh~ something similar… hey——surely not!

“Vivian, do you have that Red Wheat on you? Let me see it for a bit . ”

“Yesyes~ this is it~”

Vivian handed me a leather bag with reasonable weight and inside were grains that resembled rice, just as Vivian said . But this is… glutinous rice!?

“”What is it~?””

Allen and Elena peeked into the leather bag too .

“I think it’s glutinous rice~”

“”Glutinous~?””

“Yeah . I should be able to make something springier than with rice . ”

If this really is glutinous rice, then I could make… isobe mochi (soy sauce, nori mochi), daikon oroshi (grated daikon radish), with anko… beans——would I be able to do roasted soybean flour by powdering beans? Looks like I would be able to do lots! Ah, rice dumplings in sweet soy sauce might be good too!

“I want to eat that! Takumi-san, please make it at once!”

“Allen wants to eat too~!”

“Elena too~!”

Vivian immediately wanted to taste glutinous rice, Allen and Elena took the opportunity to jump on board with her .

“Allen, Elena, you guys just had lunch, no?”

“”Snack~!””

They have just eaten with Grandpa, but the two apparently have space for a snack .

“Well then, where do we have you make it~”

“… You decided for me, oy . ”

“It’s decided~ I mean, the children said they want to eat as well, you know? You shouldn’t be able to ignore that, Takumi-san!”

… I certainly can’t ignore that, but being told that by Vivian makes me annoyed .

“”Wanna eat springy~… can’t~?””

“… Kuh . ”

Allen and Elena’s puppy eyes are too effective on me .

“… I can only try whether I really can make mochi out of this . Let’s give it a try . ”

“”Yaay~!””

“Ohh! You instantly sunk, Takumi-san!”

“Be quiet, Vivian! You don’t want to taste it Vivian, do you?”

“Ah, sorry . I will keep quiet! And so, I will eat!”

Shutting the bantering Vivian up, we moved to the inn she stayed at just like the last time .

“First of all, this should be fine . ”

Glutinous rice should be washed and left soaking in water for a while, but I settled that with Aging . It should be fine to cook it normally in the rice cooker .

While the rice cooker was working, I prepared ingredients and sauces that go well with mochi .

“Salty or sweet, which do you prefer?”

It’s not like I could use all seasonings, so when I asked which do they prefer——

“”Sweet~””

“Both!”

“”Ah! Both!””

Allen and Elena who chose sweet at first immediately corrected themselves after hearing Vivian’s choice .

N~ Is this going to have a bad influence on the children? Or is something like this not a big problem? What a complicated thing .

“… Let’s make something salty-sweet then . ”

I mixed the same amount of sugar and soy sauce in water .

“”It’s cooked~””

“Shall we pound it then?”

“”Pound~?””

“That’s right . It becomes springy after ponding . ”

The rice just finished cooking, so we have to pound it while it’s piping hot .

“”Pound♪ pound♪””

Pounding while matching Allen and Elena’s voice, the stickiness came out in no time .

I expected it to take strength and time until it gets sticky, but it became sticky easier than I thought .

“It’s same as glutinous rice up until now . ”

“It looked like White Wheat, but it’s completely different, isn’t it~ and so? Are we going to wait for this to rise?”

“No, just make it into round, bite-sizes and sauce them up . ”

“If it’s making it round, then even I can do it . Now, now! Let’s make it quickly and eat!”

We finished quickly with four of us making balls, but… Vivian’s round mochi were quite large . But well, Vivian is going to eat those, so oh well . This Red Wheat was brought by Vivian in the first place .

“”Is done~””

“It’s done~”

“Alright! Let’s give it a try then!”

“””Yaaay~”””

… I feel that Vivian got reduced to children’s equal, but I decided to sample the mochi .

“Oh~”

I was relieved by the texture I was expecting .

It’s mochi . Undoubtedly, mochi . As I thought, the Red Wheat really was glutinous rice .

“””N~~~”””

The three who tasted mochi for the first time let out their voices in delight . Seeing them like that, they must quite like it .

“Takumi-san, it’s delicious!”

“I am glad to hear that . And so, Vivian . Where did you get this Red Wheat from?”

“it’s a secret . ”

“Oy?”

I would like to get my hands on this Red Wheat by all means, but when I asked, Vivian refused to tell me .

“Well~ I really can’t tell you that . But, but! I have secured plenty of Red Wheat in case something like this happened, so please let me off with that!”

“……”

I got quite curious about the secrecy, but all’s good as long as I can get my hands on it .

“Got it . Then, I won’t ask further, but will you sell me the rest? How much?”

“No way . Not selling . ”

“Oy!”

“I can accept only bartering! Therefore, please give me lots of food!”

I hung my head at the Vivian-like reply, but I prepared plenty of Yellow Millet food for her and got lots of Red Wheat in exchange .




Chapter 197

After receiving lots of Red Wheat from Vivian, we resumed our town strolling, but… at that time, I suddenly remembered .

“Speaking of mochi, I will need a mortar and a mallet, won’t I~?”

This time, I have used only a small amount of glutinous rice, so I had no problems pounding it with a stick, but that would be a bit difficult once the amount increases .

I originally thought that I would have Grandpa make me a magic tool, but… I have already ordered so much from him, so it’s quite difficult asking him again .

“Mortar~?”

“Mallet~?”

“They are tools for making mochi . ”

“”Let’s buy~!””

“N~ I don’t think they are sold, you know?”

“”Ehh~””

The children showed interest and desire from my mutter, but they let out dissatisfied voices when I replied to them .

“”Then, let’s make!””

However, the children immediately came up with a different idea . It was very appropriate idea .

I think a magic tool would be convenient, but even the children could try making mochi using the traditional mortar and mallet, so I approve of that idea!

“Indeed . Let’s have it made!”

“”Yea!””

“Then, we need to find a workshop that handles wood . Shall we go?”

“”Let’s go~!””

That being the case, we decided to look for a woodworking shop .

“”Here~?””

“Yeah, they are a store that deals with furniture, but let’s try asking here . ”

“”Let’s ask~””

And so, when we decided to enter the first shop we found, Allen and Elena strived to enter first .

“”Hello~””

“My, oh my, what adorable customers we have here~”

“Hello . ”

“Yes, welcome . ”

When we entered the store, a middle-aged woman with a good physique greeted us with a smiling expression .

“”We have a request~””

“My, oh my, you have something to order?”

“”Yeah, an order~!””

Whether it was because the woman had a good social disposition, Allen and Elena spoke to her without hesitating .

“Excuse us . Do you receive custom orders here?”

“Of course . Is it furniture?”

There should be stores that do not receive custom orders . Therefore, I decided to confirm that first .

“They should be considered tools? I need a largish container in the shape of a bowl and a wooden hammer . ”

“My, that won’t be a problem then . If you are talking big, you need it to be made from a tree that’s at least as fat as me, right?”

“……”

There was no problem with placing a custom order, but… I had a difficult time replying to the woman .

“Now, now, you are making it difficult for the customer to answer . ”

While troubled about how to answer, a middle-aged man came out from inside the store .

“Oh my, Dear, you came just at the right moment . The customer has a custom order to place, so I was just about to go find you . ”

“… Are you ignoring me?”

“N? I will leave it to you then~”

The person was apparently the woman’s husband, but she completely ignored his chiding .

The husband seems to have his hardships too . He’s currently hanging his head down as if wanting to hide .

“… Customer, sorry for making you wait . Let me hear your order . ”

“… Please . ”

The woman returned inside the store after leaving things in her husband’s hands, so when he asked about the order again, I explained about the mortar and mallet to him . Then, the man told me that he won’t have any troubles making them, so I decided to place the order .

“The problem would be which materials to use . ”

“Something tough and solid would be preferable . ”

Materials that wouldn’t break when Allen and Elena use them would be nice, but… yeah, I have a feeling that ordinary tree wouldn’t be good . It would definitely break . It has to be truly solid wood!

“How about this?”

“”Gaya tree~?””

“Oh, you got it, Allen, Elena~”

“”Got it~!””

I took out Gaya tree from my Infinite Storage . It was just the right thickness and was cut short .

Allen and Elena immediately recognized what kind of three it was .

“Oy, wait a moment!? T, this is Gaya tree!?”

The man opened his eyes wide in a shock after hearing the children’s words and started inspecting the tree in a fluster .

“Uoh! It’s the real thing!”

“Ah, but, being a good quality wood doesn’t mean it’s necessarily solid, is it?”

Is there good quality, soft wood as well? I thought that Gaya tree’s wood is hard out of my own convenience, but how is it in reality?

“As a material, it’s enough . Too much, actually!”

“Really? I am glad to hear that then . ”

Yep, it seems to be fine .

Looks like Gaya wood = solid was correct .

“Nonono, Gaya wood has better for other purposes, you know!?”

“Other purposes?”

“Gaya wood is mainly used for propping buildings and making furniture!”

Which reminds me, I thought of asking about Gaya wood furniture .

“How long would it take to have furniture made out of Gaya wood?”

“N? Let’s see~ something simple would take as long as a month . Several months would be necessary for something with fine craftsmanship . ”

“It takes that long?”

As I thought, working with Gaya wood takes time .

Several months . That’s a period that’s making me hesitate to order .

“Then, how long would it take for the items I ordered?”

“Those are simple to make . I, more or less, only have to carve them out, so… let’s see~ about ten days?”

It takes ten days even though it’s simple to make? Gaya wood must be just that tough .

However, I have no other choice to make the mortar and mallet .

“Anyhow, I would like to go with just that . ”

“Not the furniture, but the container!?”

“Yes, that . ”

Rather than the furniture with no place to put them in mind, the mortar and mallet take priority .

“Mortar, please~”

“Mallet, please~”

“… I have no idea what mallet and mortar are, but… leave it to me . ”

After making doubly sure, the man nodded to Allen and Elena and hung his head, but it seems he will undertake the task, so I decided to order without a reserve .




Chapter 198

“Eh!? You are also returning to your fief, Rebecca-san?”

“Yes, I am . ”

The social season is only during the winter, so the season is ending when the New Year begins .

The nobility that gathered in the Capital slowly return, and the Ruven family’s eldest son Velio-san and his pregnant wife, Amelia-san, are also returning while Amelia-san’s health is still good .

Also, I got informed that the Risner family’s Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun will be leaving soon as well .

“You can see what condition Amelia is in, right? Therefore, I decided to return with them in order to help . ”

The Ruven family’s fief is being managed by Velio-san, who is the acting Feudal Lord instead of Matthias-san who works at the Capital . That being the case, his wife Amelia-san must have been helping him out with various things . However, her stomach has already come out now . She cannot do as she wishes anymore, for sure~

That’s why I can understand Rebecca-san’s decision to return to the fief with them .

“I see . And so, when are you departing?”

“That will be in five days . ”

“eh!? Isn’t that right around the corner!”

I thought there would be some time before Rebecca-san leaves, but it seems that there’s not much time left .

I thought it might have been too sudden of a decision, but it might be something she has decided on a long before .

“”… Obaa~sama . ””

“What’s the matter, Allen-chan, Elena-chan?”

“”Obaa-sama, you are leaving somewhere~?””

“My, oh my! Is that why are you making such weeping expressions?”

“”Uu~~~””

Allen and Elena who were listening in to my conversation with Rebecca-san looked like they would burst into tears at any given moment .

Seeing the children like that, Rebecca-san made a faintly happy face .

“To be sad from being separated to me, that makes me happy~”

“”… Uniyu~~~””

… No, she seems quite happy about that .

“I will also feel lonely without you two around~ Right! Why don’t you come with me as well, Allen-chan, Elena-chan!”

“”Come with~?””

“Yes, you are always touring the towns with your big brother, right? In that case, why don’t you tour the Ruven territory’s towns next? ——Say, Takumi-san, don’t you find it a good idea?”

“Let’s see~…”

We have spent considerably long in the Capital already, so it’s certain that I was thinking that it’s about time to visit the next town . Well, I had not decided where to go yet at all, though .

“I did not have a town to visit in mind, so it’s an idea to consider . However, it will end up with us being spoiled again…”

I think that it’s a good idea… but, that will make us indebted to the Ruven family once again .

“Oh my, you are saying something about being spoiled, but that’s just providing you with a place to stay, right? I wouldn’t call that spoiling you . Besides, you have provided for us more than we ever could, Takumi-san . ”

“Eh, you think so?”

“Indeed . ”

What is it? I thought we were being taken care of one-sidedly, but that doesn’t seem to be the case . N~ Something I provided the Ruven family with… food? Well, I can’t think of anything else right now .

“N~ what do you want to do, Allen, Elena?”

“”Wanna go!””

“To the Ruven territory’s town, you mean?”

“”Yea!””

The teary-eyed Allen and Elena were instantly smiling brightly .

“All right, let us go then . ”

“”Really~?””

“Yeah . Well, we will have to part with Rebecca-san for a while, though . ”

“”Why~?””

Going to the Ruven territory’s town to play is good and all . However, we won’t be able to leave with Rebecca-san in a few days time . I mean, I have to pick up the magic tools, mortar and mallet, we also have to send Cedric-san’s group off .

“We have things left undone in the Capital, after all . We can only depart after setting them…——Rebecca-san, Ruven fief is located to the east of the Capital, near the coastland, right?”

“Yes, that’s correct . It’s Rubia, a town where diplomatic relations with Serdik are thriving . ”

“There are other towns on the way from Capital to Rubia, right?”

“Yes . ——Ah, so that’s what you mean . ”

Understanding what I was thinking, Rebecca-san smiled .

“Allen-chan, Elena-chan, please come to Rubia after slowly touring other towns . ”

“”Other towns~?””

“That’s right . There are many things you two still don’t know about, right? Therefore, see lots, feel it… it’s important to experience many things in life . ”

“”……… Important~””

That’s right, instead of going straight to Rubia, I wanted to take the opportunity and enjoy the towns and villages along the way .

“Hahaha~ thank you so much for speaking for me, Rebecca-san . ”

“Fufu, looks like I was right . ”

“Yes, I was surprised because there was no difference from what I was thinking . ”

It really seems like she read my thoughts .

“Rebecca-san, I think you have to make preparations, but could you look after Allen and Elena when you have time?”

“Of course . ”

After that——

“Obaa~sama, let’s eat snacks~”

“Obaa~sama, let’s read a book~”

Allen and Elena clung to Rebecca-san like newly born ducklings .




Chapter 199 

Allen and Elena unusually didn’t speak of “wanting to play outside” or “wanting to accept a request, and spend their time with Rebecca-san when they could .

“Allen-chan, Elena-chan, how about having tea?”

“”Yea! You know~ we made snacks~””

“Oh my, you two made them yourselves?”

“Yeah, Allen you see, I made a chocolate pudding~”

“Elena made Ichi pudding!”

And, while Rebecca-san was busy, they said that they wanted to make snacks to eat with her when she’s free, so they took the challenge of making this new snack .

“”How is it? How is it?””

“My, it’s really nice, you two . ”

“”Really!?””

Seeking the impression on the pudding they made themselves, they were truly delighted when told it was delicious .

“”Will make again~””

“My, is that fine with you? But, wasn’t it difficult making something this yummy?”

“”Is fine~””

“Then, I will have to leave it to you . ”

“”Yea!””

Such days continued, but five days passed in the blink of an eye, and the morning of Rebecca-san, Velio-san, and Amelia-san’s departure arrived .

“”… Au~””

“My, oh my, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, please don’t cry . ”

Large drops of tears were spilling from Allen and Elena’s eyes .

Although they depart on a journey themselves, this is the first time they are sending someone close to them off .

“Allen, Elena, it’s not like we are parting forever, so you have to send her off with a smile . ”

“That’s right . We will meet again, right?”

“”… Yeah . ””

They were still hesitating, but Allen and Elena stopped crying and tried to smile .

“”Obaasama~ see you again . ””

“Yes, let’s meet again . ”

“”Yea . ””

The children hugged Rebecca-san tightly and said their farewells .

“Rebecca-san, Velio-san, Amelia-san, I wish you safe travels . ”

“Thank you . I will be looking forward to meeting in Rubia again . ”

“Takumi-kun, it was fun spending time with you . Come to our fief whenever you want . ”

“We will be awaiting you . ”

I had not spent much time with Velio-san and Amelia-san, but the two are gentle people, so even now, they feel like my older siblings .

“I will collect many gifts with the children on the way . ”

“Will collect~”

“Many~”

“””……”””

For some reason, the three turned silent when they heard our remark .

“… Takumi-san? By that, you only mean… vacation souvenirs, right?”

“Ah, so he meant it like that . My~ I was getting chills thinking what kind of absurd thing Takumi-kun would bring with him . ”

Certainly, as Rebecca-san said, Allen and Elena will give them souvenirs from what they experienced on the trip the next time they meet, but I was thinking of gifts of quality, though~

… Still, just what kind of absurd gifts did you have in mind, Velio-san?

“… When are gifts considered as absurd?”

But, to speak the truth, I have no idea when gifts get considered as absurd, so I can’t help but feel that I would do it .

“From what I experienced up until now… Majesta fruit, truffle, Snowbelow mushrooms, Orc General or Armored Buffalo are quite absurd, in my opinion . Ah, Pastel Rabbits too . Looking at it like that, Takumi’s common sense has become distinctly absurd, didn’t it~”

Here, Wald-sama pointed out for some reason .

Should I say that it’s as I expected or what… I feel somewhat annoyed that it was pointed out by Wald-sama, though .

“… Then, I will do my best to bring you Dragon meat as a gift . ”

“”Will do my best~””

Therefore, when I declared to bring an absurd gift, Allen and Elena also showed their fists with all smiles .

“Nonono! Don’t joke about that, Takumi!”

“I could take this occasion to investigate thoroughly what absurd really means~”

“… Oy, Takumi, stop right there . ”

Wald-sama tried to stop me, but I pretended I didn’t hear .

“Ah, wouldn’t fur be better rather than meat that will get consumed? Err, what monster would be good for fur?”

“Bear~?”

“Wolf~?”

“Then, how about sending one to the Ruven mansion in the Capital and another one to the Ruven mansion in the fief?”

“”Ohh~ will do my best~””

“I am telling you to stop right there!”

Wald-sama finally raised his voice .

“”No good~?””

“Yeah, that’s no good . ”

“”Why~?””

“Why… that’s because it’s not normal . ”

“”What is normal?””

“Normal!? Normal is… a typical thing . ”

“What is~”

“Typical?”

“Typical is, you know…——”

Allen and Elena barraged Wald-sama with questions .

It’s quite difficult being questioned, isn’t it~ yep, let’s leave this to Wald-sama!

“Takumi-san . ”

Just when I stepped back from the children and Wald-sama, Rebecca-san and Matthias-san approached me .

“I will be looking forward to the delicious Dragon meat . ”

“I was also thinking of getting a new fur carpet . Takumi-kun, I will be hoping you find something nice for me . ”

“Yes, I will do my best to answer your expectations . ”

The two are smiling very much, so they are surely not being serious and are only getting onboard on my joke . ”

… Although I say that, I might be able to do something about a good fur carpet, but as expected, Dragon meat might be a bit difficult .

“Fufu . But, I wouldn’t like waiting too long . Therefore, even if you don’t get a souvenir, round up playing around and come over . ”

“Got it . I don’t want to play outside for decades too, so I will etch it in my mind . ”

“Yes, please do that . ”

Rebecca-san smiled and hugged me lightly .

“Rebecca-san?”

“Takumi-san, you will be leaving on a journey too after this, but you are like my third son to me . Therefore, both this house and the house in the fief are your home . You can come anytime without hesitation . ”

“… Thank you very much . ”

Deeply moved that Rebecca-san thought of me like that, I unconsciously turned teary-eyed .

“Won’t this make me to come to Rubia immediately when I get lonely?”

“You will be very welcome . ”

“Rebecca-san, you can’t tempt me . ”

“Oh my, how unfortunate . ”

This time, she invited me while laughing .

“But, I will really be waiting for you . ”

“Yes, we will come soon . ”

“Allen-chan, Elena-chan, be well . ”

“”Yea, Obaasama~ too . ””

Rebecca-san once more spoke to Allen and Elena who came to us before I noticed, got on board the carriage and departed .

Allen and Elena waved their hands until the carriage could be seen no more .




Chapter 200

“Come to play to Bailey again . ”

“Allen-kun, see you again~”

“Elena-chan, see you again~”

Three days after seeing Rebecca-san off, it was the time to send the three Risner family members off .

“”Take care . ””

“Yeah, I am going now . ”

“”Come back quickly . ””

“Got it . You two also be good children and wait . ”

“”Yea!””

After that, probably feeling lonely because the people they get along with decreased, they started inquiring “Will you return properly?” and “Will you be early today?” from Matthias-san when he was about to leave to work . Matthias-san accompanied the children with a smile on his face, but they ask him this time and time again every single day, so I feel sorry to him .

“My, oh my, what’s the matter, you two?”

“”Ojiisama~ working~?””

Moreover, when Matthias-san is working in his home office, the two peek inside and interrupt his work…

“I’m sorry about this, Matthias-san . ”

“I am not busy or anything, I don’t mind . Come here . ”

“”Yea!””

Allen and Elena rushed towards Matthias-san with whole-faced smiles when called over by Matthias-san .

“What were you doing today?”

“”Cooking!””

When Matthias-san asked about their day, the children happily answered .

“Cooking? Did you make something delicious, I wonder?”

“”Yeah!””

“Ojiisama~”

“Eat lots~”

“Oh my, then the food you two cooked will be at the dinner? I am looking forward to it . ”

We tried making Okonomiyaki-like food today . The sauce is of a tomato base with soy sauce and garlic mixed in, so it’s similar to our favorite sauce while also not similar, so I’m quite not sure whether you can call it Okonomiyaki . Well, it turned out quite tasty .

We had it for lunch, but Allen and Elena wanted to let Matthias-san try it too, so we made it again in the afternoon . This might be my selfish image, but I can’t imagine Okonomiyaki being a dinner-time food… well, it’s just imagination, so there shouldn’t be a problem, so we added the dish to the dinner menu .

“Takumi-kun, are the children secluding themselves in the house, after all?”

Matthias-san’s expression completely changed and he looked at me with a serious expression .

Indeed . Allen and Elena spend five days in the mansion before Rebecca-san left . It was to spend time with her, but even after she left, they didn’t want to leave the mansion .

“They are… I’m sorry . ”

“Nono, I am not blaming you . Velio and Wald also preferred staying indoors when they were about this age, so there’s no problem with that . It’s just that these children can’t usually stay still and have to walk over here and over there, so I was just a tad worried . ”

I see, the children of nobility don’t leave for strolls often .

But, while that may be true for the children of nobility, Allen and Elena spend a lot of time outside .

“Well, I consider it only a temporary behavior . I am thinking of to downtown tomorrow, so if they dislike that idea then… I will get a little more serious about it . ”

“That’s fine . So, where are you going tomorrow?”

“Yes, I was contacted that the prototype for White Wheat cooking magic tool has been completed, so I am going to check it out . ”

“Oh! The White Wheat cooking magic tool had been completed! That is excellent news!”

◇ ◇ ◇

The next day, when I informed Allen and Elena that I am going to the magic tool store, the two tagged along as if nothing happened . As I thought, secluding themselves in the mansion was only temporary .

“Grandpa, hello . Thank you for contacting me . ”

“”Hello~””

“Ohh, you came . ”

“”Came~””

When we entered the store, Grandpa welcomed us with a smile on his face and immediately prepared the magic tools I ordered .

“First, check this . ”

He took out the ice-shaving machine first .

The top part of the magic tool was covered with a lid in which you inserted the ice, the middle part contained the blade, while the container was tightly set on the bottom part .

“You fix the blade in place, took the lid off and place the ice inside, cover it again and wait for the ice to get crushed . I did set the angle of the blade, so it cuts the ice as thin as possible, but I have not confirmed whether it works myself . ”

“Then, let’s get it to work right away . ”

I immediately prepared ice and booted up the device .

Then, soft ice started piling up in the set container .

“Ohh~ amazing . It’s just as I imagined!”

“”Snow~?””

“Yeah . It’s similar to snow . ”

Lovely shaved ice that surprised even me came out of the device .

I thought that the ice might end up a bit gritty, so I was really impressed .

“I am glad you like it, but… what are you going to do with that ice? You spoke of eating it, but it’s originally ice, wouldn’t it be just cold?”

“Actually, it’s supposed to be eaten in summer——on hot days, but since we have the opportunity, why not give it a try?”

I have jam and syrups from fruits I boiled down, so it would be faster than explaining .

“”Will eat~””

Allen and Elena were pressing me “Quickly, quickly” so I immediately shaved ice for several people and covered it with plenty of syrup .

“Yes, here you go . Try eating it while mixing . ”

“Lemme see, I will give it a taste~”

“Allen and Elena too, your heads are going to hurt if you eat too much at once, so eat slowly, okay?”

“”Yess~””

When I handed the three the shaved ice, they tried it immediately .

“Ohh, I see, this is definitely tasty! It would be perfect on a hot day!”

“”Nn~~~””

Grandpa and naturally Allen and Elena let out impressed voices .

“This time, I poured syrup on it, but I think it will taste nice when frozen with fruit water and then shaved too . ”

“My goodness, I helped you make something more incredible than I thought . You… no, Takumi, would you mind if I told Stefan about this magic tool?”

“Stefan-san? Err… you mean to sell this magic tool?”

“No, not the magic tool, but this shaved ice thingy . It wouldn’t be possible for common families to secure ice in summer, but it wouldn’t be a problem for Stefan . I would also like to eat this during the summer . ”

It appears that Grandpa became quite fond of shaved ice .

And so, he apparently wants to let Stefan-san sell it during the summer, so he gets to eat it .

“I don’t mind, but… would Stefan-san get on bo——”

“He will! That fellow will get on board without a doubt!”

“……”

I believe that Stefan-san will definitely jump at every opportunity that involves profit, but it’s not like Stefan-san here, so it’s not absolute . Therefore, when I tried asking “Will he get on board?” Grandpa replied without any hesitation before I finished .

“Erm… then, I planned on showing up at his place after this, so I will talk about it to him . It’s just that we plan on leaving the Capital soon, so I would have to leave the planning to you two . ”

“Umu . Leave it to us . Ah, but let Stefan try this shaved ice thingy . It would be faster if he tries the product . ”

Grandpa seems in high spirits, so I am sure that a shaved ice store is going to open this year’s summer in the Capital .



Chapter 201

After the unexpected excitement over shaved ice, Grandpa showed me the hotplate magic tool next .

“I only made this guy larger than something that already exists, so there weren’t any problems with this one . ”

“Ohh~”

The hotplate was as I imagined too .

“I also received this, but… it’s full of holes, just what is it for?”

What Grandpa took out next was the takoyaki plate I ordered directly in the smithery .

It seems that it was delivered to this store along with the normal iron plate and deep iron plate that can be used instead of pot I ordered .

“You have ordered it as a set with this magic tool, so you are using it for cooking, right?”

“Yes, it would be difficult to explain in detail, but it’s for pouring the dough and baking a spherical kind of food . ”

He wouldn’t know what “takoyaki” is even if I told him, so I told him it’s a spherical food .

“Are you going to join two halves to form a sphere?”

I see, because I said spherical, he thought that I would be putting together the halves I baked with this iron plate .

It seems that he can’t imagine baking while rotating the dough~

“I wonder? It might be full of holes like this, but I should be able to manage with the application of heat . ”

“Well, as long as there’s no problem . The heat can be adjusted, so everything else depends on the skills of the chef . Now then, let’s move onto the White Wheat cooking device next . ”

“Ah, the rice cooker!”

Utilizing the tools well depend on the skill of the user, so I put the takoyaki plate aside and got onto the main subject, checking the rice cooker!

“May I try cooking the White Wheat first?”

“I don’t mind . Rather, do give it a try . ”

“Yes . Then, let’s get cooking!”

I immediately prepared the White Wheat and activated the magic tool .

“Then, shall we prepare early lunch again~?”

“”Lunch~””

“Oh, is that fine! Actually, I was expecting a bit!”

“Is that so? But, I can only make something simple, you know? Err… would curry and rice be fine?”

“Curry? Is that the seasoning that just started selling at Stefan’s place? You are going to make a dish using that?”

What Grandpa is talking about is the curry salt, right?

“The flavor is the same, but it’s a bit different? Curry salt was originally made to season the curry rice, so~”

“Hooh~ Is that so? I am looking forward to it then~”

It appears that curry rice has been approved .

“Then, wait for a bit please . ”

“”Will help~””

“Thank you . Then, could I leave mixing to you guys?”

“”Got it~””

I don’t know how well the rice cooker Grandpa made cooks rice, but let’s get it done .

“What a pleasant fragrance~”

“You think so? I am glad to hear that . ——Ah, the rice is finished . ”

When I finished cooking with magic, the rice just finished cooking as well . It took about forty minutes?

“It’s cooked evenly too…——there doesn’t seem to be any problems . Looks like it cooked deliciously . ”

“”Smells good~ Onii~ chan, quickly~””

“Yes, yes . ”

I tried it at once and there didn’t seem to be any problems . In that case, I will have to order more of these magic tools . Matthias-san and others are eagerly waiting for these, after all!

I originally ordered several, but this is just a prototype, so I thought of not spreading these, but——

“For starters, I made ten of these~”

“!?”

Grandpa said that he already made ten rice cookers .

“… As expected of you~”

“”As expected~””

“Fuo, fuo, fuo . I myself thought I did a good job . Of course, I already made one more to take home . ”

Truly, as expected of him .

“What do you want to do? What are you taking with you?”

The Ruven mansion, the Ruven mansion in their fief, the Risner mansion, and the castle are absolutely necessary . I would also like one in reserve . I don’t know how many Matthias-san is going to ask… rather, wouldn’t there be a need to make more?

“Err… may I take everything?”

“I don’t mind . However, I have not received the pots for the rice cookers yet . Ah, I did a few experiments with a pot I made, so there’s won’t be any problems with using them in the magic tool . ”

“I will go get the pots later myself then . There are some things I ordered for personal use too, after all . ”

“Sorry about that~”

I paid for the rice cookers and negotiated for more in case there wasn’t enough of them . We came to an agreement, but Grandpa already arranged a middleman from the Fiji Company of his own accord . Well, rather than this worn-out looking store, having a person from the Fiji Company be the messenger of the Ruven family might be much better .

◇ ◇ ◇

After leaving Grandpa’s store, we made our way to the blacksmith .

The objective this time is to receive the rice cooker pots and steaming pot I ordered .

“”Where to next~?””

“Next is the blacksmith . Let’s get the pots we ordered there . ”

“”Steam buns!””

“Indeed, with that, we can make steamed buns whenever we like . ”

“”Yay~””

Other foods beside steamed buns would also be possible . In addition, it will be easier to make a pudding that I was making in a normal pot up until now too .

“Onii~ chan, quickly~!”

“Let’s hurry, to the blacksmith~!”

“The pot won’t run even if we don’t rush, you know?”

“Steamed buns!”

“Let’s quickly make them~”

The children want to make steamed buns right away, so they urged me to rush to get the steamer . They were trying to break into a run while pulling me by hands .

“Welcome . ”

“Thank you, hello . I came to receive the items I have ordered . I have also come to collect pots the Grandpa from the magic tool store ordered . ”

“Yes, I will bring it over immediately . ”

In the end, when I stated my business to the shopkeeper Van-san after the children pulled me all the way to the blacksmith at a quick pace, Van-san immediately brought the items I ordered over .

“Some pots I made for the first time, how are they looking?”

“Wow! They look really good!”

I ordered a three-layered pot with several small holes in them .

I also asked for lids . Van-san made them according to my order .

“I am glad they are to your satisfaction . ”

“Yes, I am completely satisfied . Thank you so much for all of them . ”

Other pots like the extra-large pot and narrow pot were to my satisfaction too, so we received all the articles and left the blacksmith with delighted mood .




Chapter 202

Somehow managing to persuade Allen and Elena who wanted to quickly return to make steamed buns, we headed to the Fiji Company next, where we told Stefan-san that we are leaving on a trip .

He was feeling down that we were leaving the Capital, but knowing that we are adventurers, Stefan-san had already contacted branches in other towns, so he told us to “Drop by anywhere as you please . ”

Shopping was included, but Stefan-san implied to “Come to Fiji Company, not other stores if I get some novel idea” . Well, if I want something made, I already know the Fiji Company’s disposition, the conditions are also good and they treat us favorably, so I nodded to him, thinking that there was no need to expressly go to another store .

“Before I forget, Stefan-san, I have a frozen sweet called shaved ice, if you—”

“Shaved ice! Frozen sweet!! Takumi-dono, what kind of thing is that!!”

Next, I tried talking about the shaved ice, but the moment Stefan-san heard the name, he opened his eyes wide and urged inquiringly .

I tried to explain, but he didn’t let me .

“This is it . Please, give it a try . ”

“Hooh! So this is shaved ice, I see!”

I wanted to explain in words, but thinking it would be faster if he tried it, I handed the shaved ice I brought with me to him and Stefan-san stared at it fixedly .

“The ice is finely shaved, I see . Additionally, is that boiled fruit on top?”

“… Stefan-san, it’s going to melt, so you better taste it first . ”

“Ohh, that’s right! Well then, here I go . ”

When I urged Stefan-san who was staringly observing to eat, he finally put the shaved ice into his mouth .

“Ohh! This is nice! Takumi-dono, this will sell!”

Stefan-san who ate a mouthful of shaved ice vigorously raised his voice .

“Ah~ the magic tool store’s Grandpa Sol said same, he said he would like you to sell it . ”

“Is that fine!?”

“Err… what might be?”

“I was wondering whether it was fine for me to sell this shaved ice?”

“Ah, yes, I don’t mind . It’s just that I will be leaving the Capital soon, so the decision-making would have to be left completely to you and Grandpa Sol, so——”

“Please leave it to us!”

Again! Why won’t he let me speak until the end!?

I remember having a similar experience before, but… was it Stefan-san before as well? Was it someone else? Well, either one is fine~

“… Then, I will leave it to you . ”

Stefan-san already started planning this and that, so after telling him to talk it through with Grandpa Sol, we left the Fiji Company .

Following that, we went to receive the mortar and mallet we ordered, and also the pearl jewelry at the Jewellers .

Although we have already received the butterfly hair ornament Elena wanted, I thought of dropping by before leaving the Capital . The people from the store would always come to the Ruven mansion, so I have never seen the store myself~

“This is it . ”

“My, my, isn’t it Takumi-sama! Thank you very much for coming!”

“Hello . I have nothing in mind, but may we take a look around?”

“Of course! Please take your time . ”

A familiar merchant greeted us when we entered and guided us to the shelves with goods on display .

“Heeh~ this is quite incredible . ”

“Sparkly~”

“Fuoha~~~”

Beautiful jewelry made with multicolored gems were lined up in great number on the shelves .

Excited expressions formed on the children’s faces when they saw the glittering articles, but their expressions had different meanings .

Allen just seemed to show interest in the sparkling and glittering things, while Elena clearly showed interest in the jewelry itself .

“Onii~ chan! So amazing!”

Elena rushed to the lined-up goods and intensely stared at them .

“Ojousama seems to be fond of these . ”

“Yea, they are pretty~!”

Elena showed a whole-faced smile .

“Do you have something kids could wear every day?”

“Let’s see . There will be fewer if you exclude young noble ladies and daughters of wealthy families, but I will prepare them right away . ”

“Sorry, but please do so . ”

The merchant understood what rank of goods I had in mind, so he immediately prepared several articles .

“The price of these is considerably lower, so I believe there won’t be problems with Ojousama’s usual activities . ”

What the merchant showed us were articles that didn’t use gems but were mainly focused on the craftsmanship .

“Heeh~ there’s many designs . ——Elena, how about it? I will buy it for you if there’s something you like . ”

“Really!”

“Yeah . But, only one, okay?”

“Yea!”

Elena earnestly observed the jewelry one at a time .

“How about you, Allen?”

“N~? Don’t need~”

I tried talking to Allen while Elena was deciding, but he seemed to be satisfied just by looking, so he watched Elena choose in silence .

“That so? Then, would you like to have a look at the Weapon’s store next?”

“Weapons~?”

“Right, weapons . Do you have an interest in swords or things like that, Allen?”

“Swords! Want! Like Al-sama’s!”

The two’s appearances are very similar, but their interests have recently been branching off .

Even if they say “I love ice cream”, Allen prefers chocolate while Elena’s favorite is the Ichi-flavored one . Picture books too, Allen loves books about adventure, while Elena apparently likes books in which princesses appear .

That being the case, when I tried asking Allen about swords, his expression immediately changed .

“Like Al-sama’s sword? N~ that kind of sword might be too early for you . But, how about we look for a sword that you can practice with?”

“Yea!”

As expected, it would be dangerous for Allen to wield a long sword meant for adults, so it would be better to look for a short sword with a dull blade .

“Onii~ chan, I decided~!”

In the meanwhile, Elena apparently decided on the jewelry .

“You did? Which one?”

“This one~”

What Elena chose was a brooch in the shape of a snow crystal .

“Oh, you chose a cute one . ”

“Ehehe~”

Not only cute . She did not choose a necklace or hair ornament, but a type of accessory she didn’t have yet… as expected of her .

“Then, we will take this one please . ”

“Yes, thank you for your business . ”

Elena wanted to wear the brooch right away, so when I fastened it to her chest, she slowly turned around with a very nice smile .

Her expression that said “How do I look?” was truly adorable .




Chapter 203

After leaving the jewelry store, we looked for a smithery or store that dealt mainly with weapons .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“That place~”

“N? Ah, you are right . Let’s try going there then . ”

“”Yea!””

Allen and Elena found an authentic-looking store, so when we entered it, various weapons that were lined up in the store interior came to view .

“So many kinds~”

“Lots~

“Indeed~”

They had not only weapons like swords, daggers, bows, spears, and axes, but even armor and protectors .

“W, welcome!”

“Sorry for intruding . ”

“What might you be looking for?”

When we entered the store, a vigorous young man appeared from further inside .

“Do you deal with swords with blunt blades here?”

“Blunt blades? Sorry, we don’t sell those . Ah, but…”

The young man told me that they don’t sell what we wanted, but he then started hesitating and his eyes swam around .

Looks like he has an idea~

“But, what is it?”

“The swords I… the swords I made…”

“The swords you made?”

“Yes… Boss often tells me that my swords are still ‘dull’ so…”

The young man seemed to be a blacksmith apprentice and told me in a low voice that the dull blades he makes might be close to what I need .

It might be quite difficult for him to say that the swords he makes are dull swords that “can’t cut” . Despite that, he responded to a customer’s requirements .

“Would you be able to show them to me?”

“The sword I made? Err, wait a moment please . I will go confirm with Boss!”

The young man ran back to the inside of the store .

Well, he probably can’t sell the sword he made on his own, so he needed to confirm first .

“Is it you? The one who wanted a blunt sword?”

After a while, the young man returned together with a middle-aged man . This person is most likely the Boss .

“Rather than blunt, I want a sword with a dull blade . A sword that children could practice with . ”

“Ah, I see . A practice sword, huh . So that’s why a blunt sword? In that case, this fellow’s swords would be perfect . ”

“I’m not sure whether they will be perfect, but can I take a look?”

“Well, I’m fine with that . ——Mike, bring all there is . ”

“Y, yes!”

The young man——Mike-kun, rushed inside the store once again .

“Right, right, customer . My apprentice strikes and redoes the swords many times over, so they won’t be very strong . ”

“Well, even if they won’t be usable in a battle, won’t it be fine as long as they can be practiced with?”

“Yeah, there won’t be any problems then . By they way, by children, did you mean these two? You are starting with them quite young~”

“They seem to be interested in swords, so I thought of letting them get the feeling for it . ”

“Certainly… they do seem very intrigued . ”

“Indeed . ”

Since a while ago, Elena and naturally Allen, have been going around and staring at the weapons in the store .

“Allen, Elena, looking is fine, but don’t be touching it now, it’s dangerous . ”

“”Yess~””

I got a reply back when I cautioned them, but they showed no signs of coming back to me .

“T, thank you for waiting . ”

In the meantime, Mike-kun returned with a heavy-looking bag in his hands .

“There’s unexpectedly a variety of them, huh . I was sure you were practicing making the same kind of a sword . ”

What Mike-kun took out from the bag were swords of various lengths, starting from a long sword .

“That’s right . I myself started with small articles like knives, and did the same thing over and over again . Mike had already graduated from knives and just started with swords, but even if making a knife takes him half the time of a normal man, his swords end up dull even if he puts in twice the effort . ”

“… I’m sorry . ”

Mike-kun hung his head down after hearing his Boss’ words .

“Mike-kun, there is a path for everyone to follow . You will surely become a blacksmith like your Boss if you keep working hard . ”

“T, thank you very much . ”

“Then, let’s take a look . ——Allen, come here . ”

First of all, I grabbed a short sword and called Allen over .

“Allen, try holding this . ”

“Is this Allen’s sword?”

Allen grasped the sword’s handle with a smile on his face and took a stance .

“Allen, how nice~ Elena wants one too~”

Elena started having an interest in girly ornaments, but she seems to have an interest in swords too . Looks like she wasn’t just looking around with curiosity .

“You want to try using a sword too, Elena?”

“Yeah, wanna try!”

When I took another short sword and handed it over to Elena, she took a pose similar to Allen’s .

“Allen, try this one next . ”

When I handed a longer sword to Allen, he was able to hold it properly too .

“Is it not too heavy?”

“Is fine~”

Yep, our children have quite the strength, so they have no problems taking a stance with sword in hands .

“They hold the posture quite well, don’t they~”

“Whoa, truly . Swords like these should be too heavy for children of this age, no!?”

The Boss and Mike-kun said words of admiration while looking at Allen and Elena holding the swords stance .

“Then, can I take these three?”

Two of different lengths for Allen and one for Elena . I thought of spending on Allen more in here .

“Also, let’s see~… could you choose a sword, spear, bow and an ax for me?”

“Not only one, but all varieties!? Oioi, you seem like an adventurer from your appearances, but wouldn’t it be better to not be overly greedy?”

“Err… I wanted to try handling them all and narrow it to one . ”

I thought of taking lessons in weapons, but I quite didn’t have the opportunity . Since we are at a weapon’s shop, I thought of taking the occasion to buy “normal” kinds of weapons .

I mean, the only weapons I have are in a class of their own, such as the Water Katana I received from a God and the Fire Magic Sword I got in the Dungeon of Ripples .

Therefore, I wanted to get my hands on general weapons .

“You are buying so many weapons for that reason? You are quite extravagant, oi . ”

“Fortunately, we have the money . ”

“Well, it’s income for us, so I don’t mind selling . Now then, what quality are we talking about? Beginner stuff… it’s not that, right?”

“Let’s see~… something of average and above grade please . ”

“Roger that . Wait a moment . ”

The Boss chose various weapons after careful testing, so adding up the cost of the swords Mike-kun made, I handed over the payment .

“Allen, Elena, you must not use the swords while I am not around, okay? Promise me that . ”

“”Yeah, promise!””

Allen and Elena cheerfully stored their swords in their own pouches while I was paying, so when I cautioned them to not use the swords without permission, the two properly promised .

“Then, thank you very much . ”

“”Thank you . ””

We got what we came for, so we decided to return to the mansion for today .




Chapter 204

Immediately upon returning to the Ruven mansion, I reported to Matthias-san regarding the magic tool .

Matthias-san was highly pleased by the magic tool’s completion and immediately brought one of the rice cookers to the kitchen . Then, another one will be brought to Rebecca-san and others in the Ruven fief .

The next day, we headed to the castle but were seized by Wald-sama and Isaac-san when we entered through the gate . They then brought us to the royal exclusive use lounge while I was still dumbfounded .

“Takumi, I heard you are leaving the Capital?”

“… Yes, very soon . I came to convey that, however… it seems that you are already aware~”

The monarch couple Tristan-sama and Grace-sama, the three princes Austin-sama, Felix-sama, Alfried-sama and also the crown princess Aurora-sama, the royal grandson Julius-sama, and Lionel-sama were there . That makes everyone from the royal family as far as I know .

Moreover, the guards were Wald-sama, Isaac-san, Najack-sama, Kevin-sama, and Claudio-sama, all who are our acquaintances .

I did let them know that we will be visiting, but I didn’t expect them to gather in full force like this~

“Nii~ni, Nee~ne . ”

“”Uniyu?””

“Wead me a pictuwe book~”

It was quite an extravagant gathering, so as I was getting intimidated to talk a little, Julius-sama who was sitting next to Aurora-sama stared straight at Allen and Elena and started flapping his limbs .

Unaware to me, Julius-sama started recognizing Allen and Elena as his siblings .

This is my first time seeing Julius-sama, but he looks exactly like Austin-sama~

“My, oh my, Julius wants Allen-kun and Elena-chan to read him a book~”

“Allen?”

“Elena?”

“Yes, that’s right . He must have liked it when you read him a book before . Allen-kun, Elena-chan, may I ask you to read Julius a book again if you are okay with it?”

Grace-sama let out a chuckle seeing Julius-sama acting like that, and made a proposal to Allen and Elena .

“Allen, Elena . It’s fine to play with Julius-sama while we are talking, you know?”

“”N~?””

Allen and Elena looked alternatively between my and Julius-sama’s face and tilted their heads as if troubled .

“”Where~?””

“Fufu . You don’t have to worry . Look, from over there, you will be able to see your Oniichan, right? Wouldn’t that be okay?”

“”Yea, then, will read a book~””

“My, thank you——Julius, Allen-kun and Elena-chan say they will read you a book . Will you thank them?”

“Yesh, thank you~”

Allen and Elena’s worries were apparently the place for their playing .

Thus, Grace-sama showed them a place inside the room with a big cushion where they could roll around a lot . I see stuffed toys too, so it must be Julius-sama’s playground .

“Les go~ les go kwikly~”

“Don’t rush . ”

“The book won’t escape . ”

Julius-sama promptly took Allen and Elena’s hands and guided them to the playground .

Although they were watched over by the servants, Aurora-sama was worried about the children, so she went with them .

“Julius got completely attached to them, didn’t he~”

Watching the three innocently play, Al-sama made a warmed expression .

“Yeah, it has a good influence on Allen and Elena, so I am grateful . ”

“Ah~ the two are usually surrounded by adults, aren’t they? Do they have little opportunities to play with fellow kids?”

“Indeed . Allen and Elena don’t know anyone younger than them besides Julius-sama . ”

“Is that so? Considering that, don’t the two look quite used to playing the senior role?”

“Truly . I am surprised as well . I would like to increase their interaction with other children in the future . ”

There are places for children to gather in every town, so I should take them there .

“And so, Takumi . You will be going through towns and villages on your way to the Ruven fief, is that correct?”

“Yes, it is . I plan on wandering around for a little, but the destination is the town of Rubia . ”

“Have you decided on your plans after that?”

“No, I have not thought that far yet, ahh! Is this perhaps about leaving outside the country and stuff?”

“U, umu . ”

I, more or less, am a high-ranking adventurer, after all . Tristan-sama is worried about us leaving the country .

“I am interested so I thought I would like to go . ”

“… I see . ”

When talking about leaving the country, Tristan-sama made an obviously disheartened expression .

“However, we have gotten people that we are close with and people whom we received favors from, so I believe we will be surely returning to Guardia in the end . ”

“Is that so!”

Guardia has already become my second home .

Therefore, even if I travel to different countries, I have no thoughts of settling there .

“Sounds fun . How about I tag along with you, Takumi~”

Just as Tristan-sama felt relieved by my statement, Al-sama dropped an outrageous joke .

“Oh my, why not?”

“”Eh!?””

Then, Grace-sama gave her approval with a smile .

It wasn’t just me who was startled by her statement, even Al-sama who was just joking was shocked .

“Mother?”

“I think it’s fine if you accompany Takumi-san and the children on a journey . ”

Grace-sama wasn’t joking, she was truly suggesting Al-sama travels with us .

“Mother, I am, more or less, this country’s prince too, you know…”

“It’s often the case for princes to travel to study, see?”

“That’s to a different country’s academy in pursuit of knowledge, no?”

“Fufu . There are many who travel the world as adventurers too . Therefore, you don’t have to worry and do as you please . ”

“Eh?”

Tristan-sama, Austin-sama, and Felix-sama were watching Al-sama and Grace-sama’s exchange attentively while Lionel-sama was rolling on the floor in laughter .

They don’t seem to have any intention of opposing, or rather, stopping Grace-sama at all .

“Grace-sama, please stop the joke right there . ”

“Oh my, I am not joking . I mean, letting you get away would be a loss of national interest . Therefore, wouldn’t we form tighter connections if we let Alfried accompany you?”

“””… Certainly . ”””

Grace-sama’s real intentions appeared here!

Moreover “get away” she said! Letting me get away, am I a prey or what!?

Besides, Tristan-sama and others! What are you nodding your heads for! Lionel-sama is laughing even harder!!

This… who is going to put this under control?




Chapter 205

“Now, now, Grace . Stop playing around right about now . Trying to trouble Takumi wasn’t your intention, right?”

I was worried about how to deal with this situation, but Lionel-sama who was laughing out loud stopped it .

“Indeed . Pardon me, Takumi-san . ”

Grace-sama who was chided by Lionel-sama apologized .

“Eh? So, you were joking in the end!?”

“No, I wasn’t . ”

“She must have been thinking that if you had accepted, or something like that~”

“Indeed . ”

I thought she was joking, but it seems that she was half-serious, after all .

“The comment about national interest from a little while wasn’t a lie… saying losing you or letting you get away was rude, wasn’t it? I personally am really fond of you, Takumi-san . In truth, I would really like to keep you in the Capital, but we wouldn’t be able to hold you back anyway . That’s why I thought about sending Alfried with you, so that you don’t forget about us . ”

Grace-sama apologized once more .

“I was startled, but I didn’t mind it that much! Please raise your head already!”

I was taken aback just now, but apologizing to me again will make me flustered .

“Haah… not knowing just how serious Mother is, makes me frightened . Mother, let me tell you something . I would only be a burden to them if I tagged along . ”

“Oh my, is that so? Alfriend, were you so incompetent?”

“…! It’s not me that is incompetent, it’s just the standard of Takumi and the children is way too high! I believe that the knights who know about Takumi are of the same opinion!”

The guards, Wald-sama, Isaac-san, Najack-sama, Kevin-sama, and Claudio-sama nodded with serious expressions .

“Oh my!”

Catching the sight of the knights, Grace-sama opened her eyes wide in amazement .

“That much?”

“That much . When we went to the dungeon together, they were matching my pace quite a lot, after all . Despite that, we arrived to our destination in an astonishingly short time . Moreover, haven’t you also heard the rumors about how they captured the entire Dungeon of Ripples in no time! Rather, didn’t I inform you of this when I returned from the dungeon before?”

“… Did you, I wonder? I have no recollection~”

As Al-sama said, I feel that the subject was changed at that time~ that was, erm… the first time I met Lionel-sama——Ah!

“Al-sama, Al-sama . ”

“N? What is it, Takumi?”

“When you were talking about it, didn’t Grace-sama, umm… had a talk with Tristan-sama about the hidden alcohol in his office?”

“Ahh! That reminds me, Father got a scolding then!”

Just in case, I lowered my voice when talking about this, but Al-sama said it out loud .

That moment, Tristan-sama made a sour expression .

“Oh my, that time? Let’s see~ I recall overhearing some things, but I didn’t hear most of it . Sorry . ”

Wouldn’t that be normal? I would be rather shocked if she heard all of our conversation properly while scolding another person .

“But, indeed . Takumi-san is an A-ranked adventurer . He must be strong . Takumi-san has this ‘I am not concerned with fights’ face, so I unconsciously forgot~”

“… I can’t deny that . ”

It wasn’t only Al-sama nodding to Grace-sama’s words, as others were nodding in agreement .

… Well, I originally was physically weak, and virtually never use most of my strength when fighting, so it’s not wrong .

“In Takumi’s case, he does not concern himself with fighting and other matters unless the other party comes knocking, no?”

“Certainly . Couldn’t one say that he’s already used to it?”

“… Eh~ that much?”

Felix-sama agreed with Al-sama’s words and added to it .

I acknowledge that I get rolled up in various things, rather than incidents coming knocking, but I don’t want to say that I’m used to it already~

“Ha ha ha, you are used to it? So you are not only popular with people, but with incidents too, I see~”

Lionel-sama burst into laughter again .

Being popular with people is a good thing, but being popular with incidents… I wonder about that one?

“Well, it’s not a bad thing . It’s proof that you are cared for by many . I am one of those people, though! That being the case, Takumi . When you leave, be sure to contact us regularly… let see, at least once a month? I might have to contact you regarding the alcohol too . ”

“Oh my, isn’t once a month the minimum? I would like to be contacted every time you find a place to stay for a while~”

Yep, they have decided on a periodical report without me~

But well, that much is fine with me . I just have to send a letter from the Adventurer’s Guild .

“There will be times we will be in the mountains, so please overlook a few days at times . ”

“Fufu, we know . ”

After that, the silly conversation with the royalty continued for a while, and Allen and Elena who were reading a picture book returned .

“”We are back!””

“Welcome back . What about Julius-sama?”

“It’s Ju-chan’s bed-time~”

“Ju-chan is sleeping~”

“……”

Julius-sama must have been satisfied with Allen and Elena’s reading as he apparently fell asleep .

That is good, but… what about the way Allen and Elena address Julius-sama? No… it’s fine, I guess?

Nobody seems to be rebuking them and are looking at the two warmly too~

“Thank you very much for your time today . ”

“N? What, are you leaving already?”

“Yes, we will be leaving . Everyone here is a busy person, after all . It’s not like we can monopolize you all for ourselves . ”

Allen and Elena returned too, so I decided to leave after thanking them for the hospitability and wishing them good health .

Ah, before leaving the castle, I made my way towards the kitchen to deliver the rice cooker magic tool . Then, we went to visit the McPhersons, Jake-san’s bakery and other places to say goodbye, and the farewell round was generally finished .




Chapter 206

“Matthias-san, thank you for your hospitability . ”

“Oh my? Takumi-kun, aren’t your words of parting wrong?”

“Eh?”

“”We are off~””

“Yeah, that’s correct! Be careful that you don’t hurt yourselves, you two . ”

“”Yea!””

“Ojii~sama . ”

“Be well~”

We, who finished making farewell rounds decided to leave the Capital at last .

After Matthias-san saw us off, we stopped by the Adventurer’s Guild first . Since we are leaving the town for a long period of time, I wanted to confirm whether I can report about the completion of requests I took here in Adventurer’s Guilds in other towns .

“Hey, Takumi-san! Come here!”

The moment we entered the guild, Keimi-san rushed up to me as usual, but took me to the Guild Master’s office this time .

“Dear, Dear! Takumi-san is here!”

“Ehh!? Already!?——Hey, Takumi-kun! I know that you are making the rounds to say farewell, but you are surely not leaving the Capital yet, are you!? You have come just to accept a request today, right!?”

It seems that they’ve heard about us making the rounds . As expected of them .

But, we have apparently arrived earlier than expected as Andy-san and Keimi-san were flustered .

“It’s exactly that . ”

“W, what a thing!”

Andy-san stiffened with fright on his face .

I know that I don’t need to report to the Adventurer’s Guild when going to travel in advance, but was it better to report earlier?

“Even though I wasn’t able to play with the Pastel Rabbits yet!!”

“… Eh?”

“”Nniyu?””

… Yup, there was no reason to report beforehand .

Rather, you wanted to play with the Pastel Rabbits, Andy-san? He was watching others play with the Pastel Rabbits when I brought the fluffe, did he perhaps got interested in playing with them too or something?

N? Did I tell Andy-san that I own Pastel Rabbits of my own? Ahh, that reminds me, I told Keimi-san, so she must have told him .

“I can’t let you play for too long, but…”

“Ohh! Thank you, Takumi-kun!”

When I summoned Shiro and the other four Pastel Rabbits and handed them over to Andy-san, he embraced them with a wide smile on his face .

“Oh my, it’s unfair for only you to enjoy them, Dear~”

Then, Keimi-san swiftly approached Andy-san from the side and snatched Mimi and Reamu from his arms . Even though I said she snatched them, her actions weren’t rough at all, so Mimi and Reamu obediently stayed in Keimi-san’s arms .

“Please finish in ten minutes . ”

“Ehh! Ten minutes is too short~ Takumi-kun, one hour!”

“We have our plans, so ten minutes is enough . If you don’t like it, I can retrieve the children immediately and return to selecting requests . ”

“A, at least twenty minutes… no, fifteen! Please! I will immediately prepare requests that meet your requirements, Takumi-kun!”

“Roger that . Then, fifteen minutes and show me with the requests please . ”

That being the case, we sat on the sofa and watched the married couple of Andy-san and Keimi-san play with Shiro and others…——not really, I retrieved a book from Infinite Storage to kill time .

Then, fifteen minutes later .

“Time’s up . ——Allen, Elena, could you retrieve Shiro and others for me?”

“”Yeah . ””

“… The time of supreme bliss passed way too fast . ”

“Yeah~…”

When I requested Allen and Elena to collect Shiro and others, Andy-san and Keimi-san handed over the rabbits with heartbreak . Keimi-san then regretfully returned to work .

“Haah… wait a moment, Takumi-kun . Erm… regarding the requests, you mainly want requests that are located to the East of the Capital, correct?”

“Yeah, that’s right . ”

I have not told him our destination yet, but it seems he did his homework .

“Then, are you planning to go to the town of Kelm in the Northeast?”

“Town of Kelm, is it? I have not decided in such detail, but can I hear what you wanted to say?”

“Of course . That town is near mines, you see . It’s a prosperous mining town . ”

Heeh~ mines, huh . I might be interested a bit .

Err… the town of Kelm is halfway between the town of Saza and Rubia . In that case, it shouldn’t be a problem stopping by .

“Then, is the request about gathering minerals from those mines?”

“Nono, that’s not it . Many experts at mining minerals live in that town, after all . ”

Ah, that sounds true . It’s a mining town after all, it would be crowded with various mining craftsmen and miners . In that case, there’s no place for us to make appearance~

“You see, several kinds of herbs that are unique to the mines has been recently very difficult to acquire . I would like to request you of that, Takumi-kun . ”

“Ahh, herbs, huh . ”

“”Ohh~ herbs!””

Hearing about herb gathering, Allen and Elena got instantly excited .

“Even if you say herbs unique to the mines, there must be several kinds, right? Do you have anything specific in mind?”

“No, nothing specific . There’s a shortage of all of them . If you present this in the Adventurer’s Guild in the town of Kelm, they will arrange it for you to be fulfilled, so I’d like to ask you to complete this request if you feel like it . ”

“Huh? If I feel like it… you sure?”

“Yeah . I cannot force you guys to do it, after all . ”

But well, me aside, Allen and Elena are already interested, so we will probably be going to the town of Kelm to do some herb gathering .

“Picking~”

“Let’s go~”

“My, oh my, may I have some expectations then?”

Yep, I thought so . It seems that visiting the town of Kelm has been decided .

“However, I’m not sure we will be able to find any, so I would be happy if you did not have many expectations . ”

“I got it . I won’t be over-expecting, but it’s you guys, so it will surely be fine . ”

“……”

Andy-san smiled in deceit, but his words were very contradictory, no?

“Ah, of course, we will take herbs and things like monster materials you collect on the way as well . ”

Andy-san said “I will be having expectations . ” at last . Isn’t he expecting way too much! Even though I told him not to! Moreover, the children replied with “Will work hard~” to him . Well, when it comes to herbs, I have a feeling we will be fine, though~

“… I will sell off the materials in some guild when we come to accept requests . ”

“Yep, please do so . ”

“Well then, Andy-san, thank you for your help until now . We should depart soon . ”

“Is that so? I will be looking forward to the day we meet again, so make sure to come back to the Capital again . ”

Saying goodbye to Andy-san, I went to look for Keimi-san at the reception desk once more and told her and the other staff we were acquaintances with goodbye and finally departed from the Capital .

The destination is in the Northeast . First, let’s head for the town of Kelm we decided on earlier .




Chapter 207

As usual, when we were a distance from the town, I called Joule and others out .

Joule: (Oniichan, are we going out?)

Feat: (Where are we going this time, Niisama?)

Bolt: (Aniue, is it for work?)

Vector: (Yay~ going out!)

Mile: (So exciting!)

When I called everyone, they all raised their voices happily .

(And so, Oniichan, where are we going?)

“I was thinking of going Northeast to a town called Kelm . ”

“”Kelmm♪~””

It’s safe to say that the place of destination is Kelm . It’s safe to say, but———

“However, first, let’s see… let’s go North!”

““Huhhi~?””

(((((Ehh~!?)))))

The children opened their eyes wide after hearing my words .

“If we go to Kelm straight away, taking your running speed into consideration… we would arrive there in about a day?”

(Ah, I see . We would arrive there too fast . )

“You are correct, Feat!”

The first to notice the problem was everyone’s older sister-like existence, Feat .

(Is arriving fast not good?)

“I won’t say that it’s not good, but unnatural? I did not tell everyone that we travel on your guys’ back . ”

Even going by carriage would take several days . Even more than that on foot .

“I should have… exposed you guys sooner . ”

It’s not like I want to hide the existence of Joule and others by any means . I just thought it would be bothersome, so I kept them secret . I did tell about Joule and others to people close to us, that’s about it . Well, they think that Joule, Feat and Vector are basically babies, but… that’s their charm .

(It would be bothersome… right?)

“Well, yes . I would like to avoid that, I guess . ”

Yep, I would absolutely love to avoid that . I believe that ruckus would only follow .

(So the danger Allen and Elena would be in won’t… increase?)

“”Uniyu?””

“Allen?”

“Elena?”

Hearing their names being called, the two were making curious faces, so I patted Joule’s head while talking .

“Well, it would be possible for people with bad intentions to chase after us, but that’s only a possibility . However, if we do make it public, then you guys will be able to be by Allen and Elena’s side all the time, so it should be fine?”

It doesn’t have only demerits, it has merits too .

(N~… I think I’m fine with how things are now . )

“… Is that so?”

Oh my? I thought he would agree with announcing their existence to the public, but he unexpectedly refused .

Joule chose to stay in secret .

(I mean, it’s troublesome when people kick up a fuss, and I wouldn’t like if bad fellows approached Allen and Elena just because of us . )

Well, I understand the feelings of not wanting Allen and Elena to encounter more unnecessary danger… I understand~

(It’s fun traveling all over the place like this and we can enter the town in our small forms without any problems too . That’s why I am fine with things staying like this . )

Feat, Bolt, Vector, and Mile nodded in agreement with Joule’s words .

(Indeed . Niisama, we are fine with things staying as they are . )

(Yep . )

(Yeah!)

(Yes, we are!)

Our children really are good children~

“I see, thank you . I will call you as usual in place with no people, and I will listen to your requests more than before, so don’t hold back with me . ”

(Yay~! Then, at once! Oniichan, if you want to go somewhere, let’s go to the dungeon we found before!)

“A dungeon we found before?”

(That one . The advanced-level dungeon with tree roots covering the entrance!)

(Err… Niisama, I think he means the Dungeon of Entwined Branches*?)

“Ahh, the Dungeon of Entwined Branches, huh~ Oy, the Dungeon of Entwined Branches!?”

(Yes, that! Let’s go there!)

“”Ohh~””

“Ehh!?”

Joule immediately stated his wish, or rather the place he would like to visit . Allen and Elena raised their voices in agreement .

Still, the Dungeon of Entwined Branches… it matches the direction well, but… that means going out of the country, you know!

Isn’t that a little too off the road?

(Erm, if I am not mistaken… we could get there in two or three days?)

… Would these guys be satisfied just by “stopping by”?

“We have decided to go to the town of Kelm, so as expected isn’t it too little time to clear an Advanced-level dungeon?”

(You think so~?)

“I do~ one week . Rather, six days . Would you guys be able to stop halfway if I told you we only have six days? It’s just that if you want to hunt monsters and gather herbs, there’s plenty around the mountain and in the forest, is what I think . ”

An Advanced-level dungeon is vast, it could take a day to capture a floor . The lower floors would take even longer, so we would be able to finish five floors at most? Well, it will be easy to get plant-based materials there, so I won’t object if they really wanted to go there .

(Wow~ this is troubling~)

(I’m fine either way . )

(I will leave the decision to Aniue . )

(I’m fine anywhere as long as I can play!)

(I’m also fine with either . )

Only Joule was hesitating as others were fine with going anywhere .

“What do you want to do, Allen, Elena?”

“”N~…——Ah!””

“Wanna meet!”

“Mr . Bird!”

“Nn?”

I was sure the two were pondering whether they wanted to play in the dungeon or in the forest, but Allen and Elena said “Wanna meet Mr . Bird” instead .

(Mr . Bird? By Mr . Bird, do you mean Bolt?)

(Me!?)

Bolt is indeed a bird, but I am sure that’s not what they meant .

(Oh my, that’s certainly not it . Are they not talking about the Battle Eagles, by any chance?)

“”Yeah!””

(Ahh, I see~)

Ah, that reminds me, the Battle Eagles did tell us to come to play again .

(Bird~ bird~… grilled bird on a skewer?)

(Vector, stop it! You can’t eat the Battle Eagles!)

(Too bad~)

I felt a bit stuffy hearing Vector and Mile’s exchange, but Joule did not seem to object .

“If you are fine with it, how about going to see the Battle Eagles, Joule?”

(Yes, I’m fine with that!)

“Alright! It’s decided then . ”

“”Ya~y!””

That being the case, we decided to visit the Battle Eagle valley first .

*I don’t remember a dungeon with name like that, LN-only stuff?




Chapter 208

“Pyuru, pyuru~”

When we arrived at the valley, one of the Battle Eagles immediately flew over to us .

It’s probably the parent of the eaglet we helped, the Boss-like existence in here . I can’t recognize him for sure, but I think I’m correct…

(Aniue, he says: “It has been a while . Thanks for coming . ” . )

“Hello . We took you up on your words and really came to play . ”

“Pyuru, pyuru . ”

(“Ou, don’t mind it . Enjoy your stay . ” Is what he said . )

… As I thought, I feel uncomfortable when Bolt starts translating .

“Thank you very much . Is your child doing well? I don’t see them around…”

When I looked in the direction where we found the eaglet before, I couldn’t find it . What I saw were eaglets that just were born .

“Pyuru, pyuru . ”

(“My boy? He’s over there, right over there . ” Is what he says . A, Aniue, that over there . )

When I looked where the parent and Bolt were pointing to, I could see several Battle Eagles returning .

“Pyui!”

(Aniue, the child at the front must be the eaglet from before~ He’s flying over here while shouting “It’s Oniichan~” . )

“Whoah! That’s the eaglet from before?”

“”Ohh~! He grew big~””

The eaglet that has totally grown up flew with his own wings .

“Pyui~”

The eaglet… is what it is not anymore, but let’s keep using it for convenience . When the eaglet arrived before us, he stopped on my other shoulder, opposite of Bolt .

“You really grew up~”

“Pyui, pyui . ”

His chirping was still done in the high-pitched, lovely voice, but his feathers have been replaced with new and his body’s build became sharp .

“I’m glad you are doing well above all . Were you on a stroll just now?”

“Pyui, pyui . ”

“You weren’t? Then, to have a meal?”

“Pyui!”

The eaglet was gesturing in reaction to my words, so he was very easy to understand .

(Aniue, you are amazing . You are having a proper conversation!)

“”Amaz~””

(Oniichan’s doing it~)

(As expected of Niisama, right?)

(You are so good, Niichan~ I did not understand a word!)

(Incredible!)

“… It was just a coincidence . ”

The eaglet was responding with gestures, so I somehow managed to understand, we definitely weren’t having a proper conversation .

“”Say, say, Onii~ chan . ””

“What is it?”

“Feathers, you see~”

“So many of them~”

“Ah~… there certainly are many . ”

“”Can we collect?””

It seems that Allen and Elena firmly remember that the feathers of Battle Eagles can be used as materials . We picked up most of the feathers that had fallen here before, but it was full of fallen feathers again, so there were restless to pick the feathers up again . It’s not like we came here this time to pick feathers, though~

“Pyuru? Pyurururu~”

(Aniue he’s asking: “Feathers? Why would you collect the feathers?” . Should I explain to him about the tools humans use?)

“Ah~ yeah . Can I leave it to you, Bolt?”

(Yes, leave it to me . )

The parent eagle tilted his head wonderingly at the children who wanted to collect the feathers .

(Aniue, the Battle Eagles don’t use fallen feathers for anything, so you can apparently pick as much as you want . )

“”Yay~! Will collect~””

Hearing Bolt’s words, Allen and Elena rushed to pick up the feathers .

“It’s not like we accepted a request to collect Battle Eagle feathers, though~”

(Isn’t it fine? You can’t go wrong by stocking up~ Then, I’m going to pick some too~)

(N~ I will go too~)

(Ah, wait for me! I’m going too!)

Joule, Vector, and Mile rushed after Allen and Elena .

(Niisama, how many feathers do you still have from the last time?)

“N? Feathers from last time? The person who placed the request said they wanted as much as possible, so I gave them everything~”

(Is that so? Let’s pick up lots then . You won’t have to worry about them becoming baggage, after all . I will go too . )

Feat left as well .

I’m the same too, but each and every one of my children has a mania for collecting things, huh .

“I would like you to keep interpreting for me, so I would be glad if you remained, Bolt . ”

(Yes, I will stay with you, Aniue!)

When I requested Bolt to not go pick feathers with the other children, he acknowledged and nuzzled up against me .

“Pyui . ”

Then, for some reason, the eaglet nuzzled against me just like Bolt .

“Pii . ”

“Pyui . ”

“Piii . ”

“Pyui, pyui . ”

The conversation(?) Bolt and the eaglet held was getting quite sharp? Anyhow, they started quarreling .

I was surprised by the unusual behavior of the calm Bolt, but… first of all, I would like them to stop shouting in my ears .

“What is it? What’s going on, Bolt?”

(Aniue is my, our Aniue . )

“N? Well, yes . Including Allen and Elena, I am the older brother of Bolt and others . What about it?”

(This child…)

“This child? What about the eaglet?”

(He’s trying to snatch you from us~)

“Nn?”

Snatch me? He doesn’t mean it in the physical way of meaning, right?

“Sorry, Bolt . I don’t understand what you mean quite a bit…”

(This child is saying: “Please hand Aniue over . ”~)

“Ehh~!?”

I could only voice shock at the unexpected words .

… Still, Thunderhawk is a higher-ranked existence than Battle Eagle . And yet, the eaglet is getting all confident towards Bolt~

And above all, what are you telling me to do, I wonder~

“”No way-!!””

“Onii~ chan is Allen’s!”

“Onii~ chan is Elena’s!”

Before I could say anything, Allen and Elena who were picking up feathers rushed vigorously back and embraced me . They apparently heard Bolt’s words . Ah, Joule and others returned too .

“Pyui!”

“”No~””

“Pyui, pyui!”

“”No means no~!””

Allen and Elena argued with the eaglet without Bolt’s interpretation .

Just what should I do about this~ I could not think of words to say .

“Pyurururu~”

“……… Pii . ”

At this time, the parent eagle let out the loudest voice yet . At that moment, the eaglet dejectedly hung his head, left from my shoulder and moved to the side of his parent .

(The parent bird said: “Don’t be so selfish . ” . I’m glad~)

He was apparently getting scolded, so I held up Allen and Elena who were uneasily clinging to my legs in my arms .

They have grown recently again~ It’s still fine, but it will be difficult to hold them both at once when they grow a little bigger than this .

“Don’t want you . ”

“To leave—”

“Nono, I am not leaving, okay?”

Allen and Elena were sad because of their apparent misunderstanding . I’m not something you can just “snatch” when you like, okay~

“”Really?””

“Really . Everything’s fine, I have much more time to spend with Allen and Elena . Of course with Joule, Feat, Bolt, Vector, and Mile too . ”

(Yeah! We will be together!)

(Of course, me too!)

(Me as well!)

“Garu~n . ”

(Me too!)

Joule and others followed-up on my words .

“”Ehehe~””

“Together . ”

“With everyone~”

Then, hearing the words of Joule and others, a smile finally returned to Allen and Elena’s faces .




Chapter 209

“That reminds me, have you finished picking up the feathers?”

(Actually, we have managed to collect only a little~)

(But, Allen-chan and Elena-chan are like that, so it won’t be possible for them anymore . I will collect them all at once . )

Feat, who judged that Allen and Elena won’t be able to continue after seeing their state collected the feathers in one go by using wind magic .

(And we are done! Niisama, how about you store these for now, we can then select the pretty ones when we have time . )

“Hahaha . Thank you, Feat . ”

I did as told and placed the feathers Feat collected in my Infinite Storage .

Nevertheless, Feat is quite dexterous, isn’t she~ To gather only the feathers using magic with pinpoint accuracy, I feel that I won’t be able to do the same .

“Pyuru~”

The parent bird apologized: “Sorry about our boy . It seems that he’s still just a chick who can’t measure the strength of his opponent . ” while poking the eaglet’s head .

(Aniue, he said he has something to give you as an apology . )

“Apology?——Errr… there’s no need for something like that?”

(You see, “I say ‘apology’ but I actually mean something I forgot to give you the last time . I would be happy if you received it . ” is what he says . )

“Is that so? Then, may I have a look first?”

“Pyuru~”

(It’s apparently over there . )

The place the parent bird guided us to was a place slightly further away from the nests .

“These are… magic stones?”

There was a mountain of many little stones . Magic stones of all attributes to be precise .

“You humans use feathers, so you probably use magic stones too, no?” The parent bird asked .

“We certainly have use for them, but…”

Magic stones are indispensable for making magic tools, so I won’t lose out on having some on me no matter the amount, and even if I don’t use them, they will sell for certain .

(Wow~ there’s so many~)

“”So many~””

(Truly! So amazing!)

(The wind and earth magic stones make up about 80% while the rest of the magic stones form the remaining 20% . )

(Indeed . Aniue, these are apparently from the monsters they eat . It seems that most of the pelt and bones have decayed, so there’s not many left . )

(There’s a bit of pelt and bones over there! Is this recent, perhaps?)

A predatory monster’s magic stone mountain, huh~ Battle Eagles live in masses, so they would definitely gather many magic stones every mealtime .

“But, haven’t you collected these because you like shiny things? I heard that birds like shiny things, no?”

(Yes . I’m the same and the Battle Eagles like shiny things too . However, magic stones are different . )

“Magic stones are different?”

(Yes, the magical power of different races dwell in the magic stones, so they would bring discomfort near the nests . )

“Ah, I see . I get it now . ”

Magical power certainly dwells within the magic stones . They are wild monsters, so they wouldn’t be calm down with the presence of different kinds of monsters nearby . That’s why there is a mountain of magic stones away from the nests, huh . The parent bird must be in agreement with Bolt’s words as he was nodding firmly to his words .

“If that’s the case then I will gladly accept these magic stones . ”

“Pyururu . ”

“I will treat you for a meal as compensation, how about it?”

“Pyuru, pyu~!”

“Pyui, pyui!”

(Meal~♪)

Although there was no price for the magic stones, the Battle Eagle parent and child were chirping happily when I said I will treat them for a meal .

Vector got happy too for some reason~

“Now then, what should I make?”

When we returned to the Battle Eagle nests, I immediately started thinking of the menu .

(Meat~!)

When I asked about the menu, I wasn’t asking anyone in particular, but Vector vigorously replied .

The Battle Eagle parent and child were nodding in agreement . As expected of birds of prey . Their favorite dish must be meat .

“All right, I got it . A meat dish it is . Then, how about a steak?”

(Garu~n♪)

“Pyururu~”

“Pyui~”

It appears that there won’t be any problems by making a steak . It’s easy to make so I can take it easy, but I feel that it’s too simple . Well, they may like “meat” better than an elaborate dish .

“Then, let’s get cooking~”

“”Will help~””

“Thank you, Allen, Elena . How about you distribute the steaks I finish cooking?”

“”Yea!””

I grilled not only the steak but also veggies, so the menu turned into a barbecue party, which got everyone in high spirits .

The lively party did not end when the children fell asleep, but continued even after the dawn .

“Yawn~…”

In the end, I pulled an all-nighter .

I am Syl’s retainer and was given a healthy body, so there would be apparently no problems if I didn’t go to sleep, but I basically have sleeping hours on daily basis . Therefore, even if there were no problems physically, I feel sleepy .

(Oniichan, are you okay?)

“N? I’m fine . How about you, Joule? You have not slept much, have you?”

Vector was fast asleep after stuffing his belly, Feat acted as Allen and Elena’s cushion, and I put Bolt and Mile to bed together with the children .

In the meanwhile, Joule stayed awake with me to associate with the Battle Eagles .

(Me? I’m fine . I would have no problems continued for two or three more days!)

“Well~… I would like to be spared from continuing for two or three more days . )

(Hahaha~ Oniichan, I was just saying it . Don’t make such an unwilling face at me . )

“I know, but… I feel tired just by thinking about it . ”

Even if my physical condition is fine, my willpower certainly isn’t .

(The Battle Eagles were frolicking all night, after all~ It was fun, but the excitement was way too much~)

Most of the Battle Eagles are about to doze off from partying too much .

While talking to Joule, the parent bird who looked like he would fall asleep at any moment flew over .

“Pyuru, pyu~”

“Thank you for today . We will be leaving when the children wake up, but will it be safe for you guys?”

Feat and others are already awake, so the twins will surely wake up soon as well . Therefore, when I informed the parent bird of our departure, he puffed up his chest as if saying “It will be fine” proudly .

(Good morning, Aniue . Their lookout is set up properly, so they will apparently be fine . )

“Is that so? As expected, there’s no place for blunders in that regard . ”

(Yes, they are wild monsters, after all . ”

The majority look sleep-deprived, but there are apparently some that aren’t .

“”… Uniyu~””

“Allen, Elena, are you awake? Let’s say goodbye to everyone before they fall asleep . ”

Allen and Elena came to my side while rubbing their eyes, but they looked taken aback once they heard the words “goodbye” .

“See you~”

“Will come to play again~”

“Pyururu . ”

After saying our goodbyes and finishing preparations, we left the Battle Eagle Valley .




Chapter 210

(I can see the town~) Joule

“”Arrived~””

After meeting with the Battle Eagles, we arrived at the town of Kelm after enjoying gathering and hunting monsters in the forest for a few days .

(Aniue, there are people from now on, aren’t there?) Bolt

(Then, Niisama, this is as far as we can go . ) Feat

(We arrived, huh~ I wanted to run some more, but it can’t be helped~) Vector

(Takumi Nii, call us immediately were something to happen, okay?) Mile

“Thank you, everyone . I will call you again when it’s time to play . ”

Although I told those we are close with about the existence of Joule and others, I did not disclose it to the general public yet, so I decided to thank everyone before returning them to the shadows .

“”See you again~””

(See you soon, Allen, Elena . ) Vector

(Allen-chan, Elena-chan, make sure to be good kids . ) Feat

(Feat, the two are always good kids . ) Bolt

(Oh my, I know that . However, you have to caution them just in case . ) Feat

(That’s true too . Allen, Elena, be careful not to injure yourselves . ) Bolt

(That’s is also important . Also, make sure to take care of your physical condition . ) Feat

(Also, let’s see…) Bolt

(Isn’t that enough already? Allen, Elena, see you again~) Joule

(True! See you again!) Mile

Everyone had words to say to Allen and Elena before returning to the shadows, but Feat and Bolt were especially worried about the children .

“”Onii~ chan!””

“N? What is it?”

“Allen will be fine!”

“Elena will be fine too!”

“Eh?”

“”Will be a good child!””

“Ah! Yes, I know that you guys are good children!”

Allen and Elena must have been concerned about what was said . They insisted that they are “good children” so when I told them that I know, they showed the faces of relief .

“Then, let’s make our way to the town?”

“”Yeah!””

We safely arrived in the town .

I thought there would be many shops selling ores because it was a mining town, but that didn’t seem to be the case as I looked around .

“What’s the matter, brother?”

A gate guard noticed that I was tilting my head in puzzlement and called out to me .

“I thought there would be more blacksmiths around, you see~”

“Oh, so it’s about that? As you thought, there are more blacksmiths here than in ordinary towns . Most of the stores are on the other side of the market in the North . ”

“Heeh~ So it’s divided into districts?”

“Yeah, the blacksmiths are banging on the metals all day, plus the heat is unbearable . ”

“I see, I can fully understand now that you say it . ”

“Right?”

I asked the very easy-to-talk to gate guard about the inn he recommends and where the Adventurer’s Guild is .

“Now then, Allen, Elena . Shall we show our faces at the Adventurer’s Guild first?”

“”Guild~?””

“Yep . Let’s sell some materials we found on the way first . We were requested to by Andy-san, weren’t we?”

Allen and Elena declared “”Will work hard~”” to Andy-san, so they defeated a lot of monsters and gathered many herbs .

“… You are Takumi, aren’t you?”

“N?——Huh? Rudolf-san?”

My name was called immediately after entering the Adventurer’s Guild’s building, so when I looked towards the direction the voice came from, I saw Rudolph-san standing there with a very surprised face .

“Long time no see, Takumi . ”

“It truly has been a while . How are you doing?”

Rudolph-san is A-rank adventurer and a leader of an adventurer party called “Dragon Breath”, he’s someone that accompanied us with the Knights Order on the expedition to the Gaya Forest in Shirin .

Rudolph-san’s party seemed to leave Shirin immediately after the expedition finished, so we had not the opportunity to talk since returning from the expedition . The expedition happened right after I came to this world, so… it’s been more than half a year?

“Ou, I’m good . I heard about it, Takumi . You have become an A-ranker . ”

“It’s all thanks to your support, Rudolph-san . ”

“I saw that you had the ability, after all . ”

When Rudolph-san approached, he patted my head for some reason .

Not Allen or Elena, but me . Why~?

“W, wait, Rudolph-san, we are gathering a lot of attention on us~…”

The deed of Rudolph-san patting a stranger man’s (adult) head would naturally attract the attention of the adventurers inside the guild . Of course, the guild staff also stared at us with shocked expressions .

“N? Ah, don’t mind it . ”

Although I tried to tell Rudolph-san to stop patting my head in a roundabout way, he didn’t stop .

Don’t mind it, he said!! Nono, you would normally mind it, right? Once you become A-ranker, do you stop minding other people’s gazes!?

“Rudolph-san, what are you doi…——Oh my, Takumi-san?”

There, a member of Rudolph-san’s party came over… Iris-san, was it?

“Zack, Gilm, this is great! Takumi-san is here!”

And then, Iris-san noticed me and called the other two members of the party in a loud voice .

“What did you say, Iris? Who is Takumi again?”

“Oi, oi, Zack, was that supposed to be a joke? To forget such an impressive person, just how dull is that head of yours?”

“Shuddup, Gilm!——Huh, so it’s this Takumi! There’s no way I would forget a fellow like that . I just couldn’t remember his name, that’s all!”

All of Rudolph-san’s party gathered and it became lively at once .

“Gee~ you two are too loud . Err… You are Allen-kun and Elena-chan, right? How have you been? Do you still remember me?”

“”Yea . ””

“”Onee~ chan . ””

“Who . ”

“Healed us . ”

“Yeah, yeah . I am glad you still remember~”

“Not good . ”

“At cooking . ”

“”Onee~ chan . ””

“……”

“””Puh…”””

It seems that Allen and Elena remember even the bad things as they properly reported .

Iris-san was silenced by the children’s words while Rudolph-san, Zack-san, and Gilm-san were laughing with their faces averted .

“T, the pipsqueaks have a wonderful memory, don’t they~”

“Geez~ Allen-kun, Elena-chan! You can forget that part!”

“”Forget~?””

“Yes! Forget it!”

“”N~… might not be possible~?””

“Eehhh!?”

“””Puh . ”””

Iris-san was at a loss for words because of the children and Rudolph-san and the other two burst into laughter .




Chapter 211

“Haah~ that was funny . ”

“You three laughed too much! Gee~ even though the three of you can’t cook either~~~”

Iris-san protested vehemently the three laughing people .

“We are better than you . ”

“Yep, yep . We can make something edible at the very least . ”

“It has no taste, though! There’s not that much difference between us!”

“It’s a wide difference, ya know! Don’t lump us together!”

“That’s right . I don’t know how you make a soup that’s supposed to be clear, into a bubbling, pitch-black mess . ”

“That’s not normal, right? Why don’t you accept it already?”

“Kuu~~~”

However, her protesting was defeated by the words from Zack-san and Gilm-san .

Still… I have heard that the food Iris-san makes could be considered poison, but making a clear soup into a bubbling, pitch-black mess? It… doesn’t look like coal tar, does it? I mean, they said it’s bubbly . That sounds abnormal, doesn’t it? It makes me very curious~

I have made a soup of dubious purple color before, but it was normally edible . Therefore, judging by color isn’t very reliable, but making something that’s supposed to be clear into pitch-black certainly arouses my curiosity .

“… Rudolph-san, Zack-san, Gilm-san, have you tried eating that soup?”

“… The moment it touched the spoon, the soup started smoking and changed color, ya know? There’s no way it was edible, right?”

It was apparently even more incredible thing than I imagined .

I would like to Appraise it to see whether what Iris-san made was even considered a soup, but I stopped myself .

“That reminds me, I have not asked you about this yet . Have you come to this town to complete a request, Takumi?”

As Rudolph-san remembered, he asked the reason we came to Kelm .

“Err… if you call it a request, then it can be considered one, I think? I was asked for herbs within the mines . ”

“Searching for~”

“Herbs~”

“Hoh~ is that so?”

“Yes . Are you guys on a request too?”

“No, we came for weapons maintenance . This town is the best in the country for that kind of stuff . ”

So Rudolph-san and his group came to repair their weapons, huh . As I thought, this town is strong in the smithing department .

“Of course, there’s plenty of stuff other than weapons, like pots . Shall I buy you some?”

Is this… Rudolph-san teasing me? Or perhaps does he want me to cook for him?

“We have~”

“A pot, you know~?”

“Oh? You guys have a pot on you too?”

“Allen doesn’t . ”

“Elena doesn’t . ”

“”Onii~ chan does~””

“Is that so…”

Hearing the children’s words, Rudolph-san became a bit worried .

“Takumi, if you intend to keep traveling with the kids in the future, it would be better to rethink their baggage . You can’t be simply thinking that you will always be by their side . You have to be prepared for the worst-case scenario at all times . Even if the pot is not for cooking, you need something to boil hot water in to wash yourself . Even someone like me who can’t cook is carrying a pot . Your life can be tied by a simple pot . It would be a problem if the baggage got too bulky, but… it won’t be a problem with those pouches the kids have, right?”

Rudolph-san advised me with a serious expression .

Of course, he reduced his volume when talking about the children’s pouches .

“That’s so, isn’t it? I will revise their stuff as soon as possible . ”

“Yeah, do that . ”

During our time in a dungeon with Al-sama, I was reflecting on the fact that I put too little dried meat in their pouches, but it seems that I was still lacking in some departments .

Following the idiom “Well prepared means no worries”, I should pack more for Allen and Elena than they need .

Luckily, the two’s pouches are magic bags, so I don’t have to worry about the capacity .

“That being the case, Rudolph-san . I will pay the request fee, so I would like to ask you for guidance, or coaching…”

“Fumu… We don’t have many requests at the moment, so I don’t really mind . One thing, make the fee your cooking instead . ”

“Cooking… is it?”

“Yeah, the dishes you made at the camp were quite good . I want to eat the food you made in a proper place . ”

At higher ranks, adventurers receive requests to guide the children of nobility . I heard they are fairly expensive!

When I think about that, isn’t my cooking as fee quite cheap?

“Don’t mind it . Think of it as an acquaintance discount . Right~ have you decided on an inn already, Takumi?”

“No, not yet . ”

“Then, come to the same inn we are staying at . They should have free rooms . It’s of intermediate-level, but you guys should have no trouble with the fees, right?”

“Yes, we will be fine . ”

“It’s an inn called ‘White Cat’ . Well, we will take you there when you finish your business here . I will check what things they have in their pouches first . ”

“Yes, thank you very much . ”

Rudolph-san wants to coach me immediately, so we decided to stay at the same inn to make things easier .

Moreover, the ‘White Cat’ is the same inn the gate guard recommended to us .

“That being the case, finish your business fast . What did you come to the guild for? You did not come here to accept a request, right?”

“Ah~ we came to sell material . We were collecting stuff on the way here from the Capital . ”

“Oh, I see . ”

“Well, I am not in a hurry to dispose of it, so it doesn’t have to be done today . I would feel sorry for making you wait . ”

“Don’t mind it . Rather, I’m curious what good stuff you have brought, so show it to me . Come to the counter~”

“Hahaha, got it~”

Umm… they are all inoffensive materials this time, so it should be fine .

“Allen, Elena, let’s go sell the materials~”

“”Yess~””

Taking Allen and Elena’s hands, I followed Rudolph-san to the counter .

“Isn’t it Rudolph-san? You have not received requests today, right? Did something happen?”

As I thought, Rudolph-san is a well-known person . He just approached the counter a little before the receptionist greeted him .

Ah, but, when we stepped inside the guild in the Capital, Keimi-san would immediately rush over to welcome us~ is this the same?

“He’s the one that has a business with you . ”

“Hello, I’m Takumi . I came to sell materials . ”

“I’m Allen . ”

“I’m Elena . ”

The staff member looked towards me when Rudolph-san spoke, so I greeted them first .

“This is my first time seeing your face around here . You seem to be close, Rudolph-san…”

“Yeah, we worked together in Shirin . I will say it just in case, but he’s not a low-ranked newbie, alright?”

“Ehh!?”

Err… it’s true that I am not a low-ranked, but it has not been even a year since I registered, you know? Wouldn’t I still be considered a newbie?

“Rudolph-san, Rudolph-san . We are still newbies, you know?”

“You may not have much experience, but you are not a newbie anymore, alright! Well, I will allow the kids to be called newbies because of their age, though! Although it’s not true because of their strength either!”

… I got scolded .

How cruel~ even though “not much experience = newbie . ”

“This fellow is ‘Setsuna’ . ”

“Eh!? Setsuna!? Isn’t Setsuna the person who became A-rank in the shortest time ever!?”

Rudolph-san introduced me to the staff member, but what kind of introduction was that!?

“Wait a moment!? Seriously, hold up!! W, why do you know that, Rudolph-san!!”

“You mean the nickname?”

“Yes! That!”

Seriously, why does Rudolph-san know of that nickname!? Didn’t that spread only around the Capital-!?

“Takumi~… please have some self-awareness that you are a celebrity now~”

“Ehh~”

“You are someone who became A-ranker in the shortest time, ya know? It’s only natural for a fellow like that to get a nickname and become famous, right?”

“……”

Seriously… the speed information spread in this world can’t be taken lightly~ At this rate, it’s quite possible that it already spread outside the country, right?

“Now there, don’t be hanging your head down and get the materials out . ”

“… Yeah~”




Chapter 212

“Dunst, I have brought you customers~”

Once we finished selling off the materials to the guild, Rudolph-san brought us to the White Cat inn .

“N? Rudolph? You’ve brought some young adventurers with you . ”

“Young but capable . Get a room for them please . ”

When Rudolph-san called after entering the inn, a man of the same generation as Rudolph-san came out from the back .

“I’m Takumi . We will be in your care . ”

“I’m Dunst . Are those pipsqueaks your companions?”

“Yes, that’s correct . ”

“A double room? No, a triple room?”

“If you have a room with a large bed then we will take that one . If not, a double room is fine . ”

“It will be the first room on the second floor then . Sorry, but can you settle the payment after my wife returns?”

“Yes, sure . Thank you for your hospitality . ”

Meals are apparently served only in the mornings, but you can order lunch and dinner for extra fees .

“Also, Dunst, can you lend us your kitchen for a while?”

“A meal at this time? It’s still early for business hours in the evening and I have already finished the preparations, so there’s no problem… is this fellow going to cook?”

“Takumi’s cooking is delicious . It definitely won’t lose to yours, Dunst . ”

“Hmm~ You said you are Takumi? Come this way . ”

Rudolph-san urged me to cook right away . Well, it’s not like we have any plans for today, so why not~

“Onii~ chan . ”

“What are you making~?”

“Let’s see~ At this time… rather than something heavy, something filling would be probably better~”

“Snacks~?”

“Bread~?”

“Rather than something sweet, bread might be better . Ah, right! Let’s make pizza!”

“”Piza~?”

“Right . Pizza . ”

I have bread dough and Tori fruit (tomato) sauce I made before . As for the garnish… some vegetables and seafood?

“Then, let’s prepare the garnish . ”

“”Yea!””

First, I start with the seafood .

The squid I’m going to use is not a monster, but a normal animal . Although I say normal, it’s a squid of one meter in length .

I thought of using the Little Kraken first, but… I left that idea behind . I wouldn’t like to cause a ruckus .

It was easy to remove the skin, so it didn’t take much work, but it would have been difficult to use if the skin was difficult to peel off . Next, I cut it into bite-sizes . Hmm… should I parboil it first? It depends on the baking time, but I am worried about half-baking it, and I won’t mess anything up by putting it in water for a few minutes, so let’s parboil it first~

Next are shrimps . I also boil red shrimps and peel off the shells .

For cheese, I grate the lump of cheese I bought from a store with a knife, slice up some raw onions and tori fruit . Alright! The preparations should be finished, I think .

“Otousan, we are home~!”

“Dear, we have returned . ——Oh my, customers?”

“Sara, you guys are home? They are customers Rudolph brought . They will be staying in the first room on the second floor . Collect the payment later please . ”

“Alright . ”

They must be Dunst-san’s wife and daughter? His wife——Sara-san and their daughter seem to be Cat-ish Beastmen .

“I’m Iris . What are you making, Oniichan?”

Dunst-san’s daughter——Iris-chan is a ten-year-old girl and spoke to us, strangers, without showing any nervousness . She’s a daughter of inn owners, so she must be used to customers, I guess?

“This is something called pizza . ”

“Piza?”

“Yeah . I would say it’s bread’s colleague?”

“Is it yummy?”

“I think so . Then, I will make a portion for you too, would you eat with us, Iris-chan?”

“Yeah, I want to eat it! Thank you, Oniichan!”

I stretch the dough round and flat, making sure it’s spread evenly .

“Alright, let’s put the garnish on . Allen, Elena, help me out . ”

“”Yess~””

“Oniichan, I will help too . ”

“Thank you . Then, place it on the dough like this…”

I showed the kids how to place the ingredients on the dough and Allen, Elena, and Iris-chan helped me .

And finally, I sprinkle plenty of cheese on top . And then, I put the pizza into the oven I preheated .

“Alright, it seems to be done~”

“””Looks delish~”””

When I took out the pizza out of the oven, the fragrance of the baked cheese immediately spread around .

“It smells incredible . ”

“Oh my, it truly does . ”

“Would you like some too, Dunst-san, Sara-san?”

“Is that fine?”

“Yes . I borrowed your kitchen, after all . ”

When I brought the pizza to the cafeteria and sliced it and placed on plates, Rudolph-san was waiting while fidgeting .

“Thank you for waiting . ”

“This is it! The scent has gotten me all excited since a while ago!”

“Hahaha~ Then, go ahead . ——Allen, Elena, Iris-chan, be careful as it’s hot . ”

“””Yess~”””

Immediately, everyone reached for the pizza slices . Allen and Elena blew on it first to cool it down before chomping down on it .

“”Whoah~””

Then, the cheese stretched from their mouths, making the children a bit frustrated at first, but they soon dealt with the problem .

“”Onii~ chan, this is delish~””

“I see . I am glad to hear that~”

Allen and Elena were overjoyed and quickly ate their slices .

“The hell is this! Takumi, it’s too good!!”

“Oniichan, it’s very yummy!”

“It’s delicious . ”

“It truly tastes great . ”

The pizza was greatly received by Rudolph-san and Dunst-san and his family .

“Dear, this would really sell if you put it up on sale . ”

“… I have no doubts about that . ”

“What kind of ingredients would you put on top, Dunst-san?”

From what I know, making seafood pizza in this town would be difficult due to the lack of seafood around here . If it was me, I would start with bacon pizza .

But, I am curious what kind of pizza would Dunst-san, who just ate his first pizza ever, would make . There might be a kind of pizza that is unique to Aetherdia .

“Is that fine?”

“What is?”

“To sell this at our store . ”

“Ah, that? Sure, I don’t mind . ”

“……”

Dunst-san fell silent when I gave a quick affirmation .

You can usually tell the ingredients of pizza after eating it . It’s just dough with tori sauce, suitable garnish and cheese after all . Anyone with some experience would be able to reproduce it after trying .

That’s why I thought there won’t be problems like with the Cream Bread, so it should be fine for Dunst-san to sell it at his store .

“… Tori sauce… ingredients to put on…”

“Oh no~ this person, he’s already considering the menu~ Takumi-san, this Pizza? Can we really sell it at our store?”

“Yes, I don’t mind . However, I think you realize it by now, but the ingredients and the preparation method is really easy to figure out, so it will be considered rare at first, but anyone will be able to reproduce it after a while, so I believe it will be difficult to keep it as a signboard menu . ”

“All will depend on the skill of our people then . We have enough dough in stock, so we can manage by evening if we hurry with the tori sauce! Iris, quickly go buy some tori fruit after you finish eating . ”

“Yess~”

Eh!? You want to start selling it this evening? That, I didn’t expect!!




Chapter 213

“All right, lemme check it right away!”

After finishing eating the pizza, we moved together with Rudolph-san to the room we rented, where Rudolph-san wanted to see the children’s baggage .

“Allen, Elena, take out everything in your bags and put it on the bed . ”

“”Everything~?””

“Yes, that’s right . ”

“”Got it~””

Allen and Elena took out the contents of their bag and lined them up on the bed .

Money, guild cards, change of clothes, overcoats, towels, leather bags, air-dried fruit, dried meat, candies . Mithril knives, the swords we bought just a little while ago, flask magic tools, ignition stones . Ah… I forgot about the pearls and mermaid bracelets .

Well, it will be fine before Rudolph-san~

The things the two carry are mostly identical, the only difference would be Allen’s second sword and falconry glove, and Elena’s several kinds of ribbons and a mirror .

“… There are many things I want to say about these goods, oi . ”

Seeing the various items lined up, Rudolph-san made an unimpressed expression .

He probably means the mithril knives, pearls and mermaid bracelets . Anyhow, let’s laugh and deceive .

“Haah… oh well . As I said before in the guild, it would be better to let them carry a pot, even if it’s a small one . Also, salt and a set of tableware . ”

“It would certainly be better for them to have a set!”

I immediately took out smallish pots and tableware from the Infinite Storage, and added it to Allen and Elena’s equipment . Also——

“Allen, Elena, this is a normal salt, okay? Also, pick a few of your favorites, and place them in your bags as well . ”

“”Yess~””

I decided to give each a small bottle of salt and pick their favorites from the Simple Salt Series .

“Allen likes… this and that!”

“Elena, you see~ This one and that one!”

For the time being, the two each picked two kinds of salt . Erm, Allen picked curry salt and garlic salt, while Elena picked herb salt and lemoné salt .

“What are these colored bottles?”

Rudolph-san showed interest in the colorful bottles .

“They are all salt . However, they each taste different . ”

“Taste different? What do you mean?”

“Err… the one with black lid is pepper, orange is curry, white is garlic, brown is ginger, yellow is lemoné, blue is minsu, green is herbs, red is chili, cream is oren, pink is yuzu, yellow-green is lime, deep green is green tea——a salt flavored with tea . Sprinkling them over cooked meat and vegetables is their most suitable use . ”

New salts were made before we left the Capital, so there was twelve types in total . Stefan-san worked hard for this~

“Ohh! The hell is that! It sounds really convenient! If it’s just sprinkling it over cooked meat then even I can do it . Did you make this by yourself, Takumi?”

“No, I did not . This is being sold by the Fiji Company . ”

“Seriously!? Fiji Company, huh . I believe they are in this town as well . I have to buy it right away!”

“Eh!? Wai, wait a moment please! You don’t have to be in such a hurry, it’s not like you are departing tomorrow, or are you?”

I hurriedly tried to stop Rudolph-san who was about to rush out of the room .

“For Rudolph-san to go into the town in a state like this would be a bit…”

I would like to avoid Rudolph-san from leaving with the things still on the bed and all .

“Ahh, right, sorry . ”

“If you’d like, I can give you what I have on me, okay!”

I immediately stuffed Rudolph-san arms with a set of Simple Salt Series I took out from my Infinite Storage .

“Oh, you sure!?”

“Yes, we are indebted to you, after all . ”

I have bought several sets of the salts, so there’s no problem in giving one set away . Besides, I can always secure more by going to the Fiji Company .

“Aight, let’s continue then . If they still have enough space in their bags, how about some blankets too? They are children, so some thick ones that could protect them against cold would be good . ”

“They certainly only have overcoats against cold . Ah~… I will have to buy the blankets . ”

I do have spare blankets, but they are all large ones . As expected, it would be difficult for the kids to use adult-sized blankets .

“N? What were you doing up until now?”

“No, we have blankets, but something of their size, that is easier to use would be better, no?”

“Ah, you mean that? That’s right . If you have money to spend then something the size of their bodies would be the best . Then, let’s move to the next thing . Takumi, you let the children carry mithril knives… well, let’s deem it acceptable . However, they must make sure to never use them before other people . It will make them walking targets . ”

“Of course, I understand that . ”

“You be careful about that too, pipsqueaks . It’s fine when there’s no one else around, but don’t use them before people you don’t trust . ”

“”Okay~””

“It would be better to give them normal knives to use before people . ”

“Ah, you are correct . I will do that . ”

I can’t tell at first glance, but a trained eye would be able to tell it’s made of mithril immediately .

“Also, I won’t tell you to have them carry all kinds of potions on them, but some kind of antidote would be good to have . Also, some ointment, digestive medicine and some generic drugs would be good to carry on their person . ”

“Ahh, medicine! Indeed . It would be better for them to carry medicine!”

Now that he says it! Household medicine is important!

I as well as Allen and Elena possess Abnormal Status Resistance skill, so it’s unlikely we would get poisoned . However, that’s only “unlikely” . It’s not certain .

If am there, I could give them treatment with Light Magic, but I have to make sure that I am at ease when Allen and Elena finally say “Is fine alone” to me .

“Also… smoke bombs and or flares for emergencies? Wouldn’t it hurt to have that too? You would have to explain properly so they don’t play pranks with them, though . ”

“Ah, I don’t have those either . ”

They certainly might be needed . We have already seen them in action, and we might need to use them from this point onwards .

Err… red was a rescue call, blue was trouble ahead? Both smoke and light are used . The smoke one is also used to obstruct sight with a smokescreen, and the light can also be used to dazzle the enemy .

“That so? You better buy some then . ”

“Yes, I will do that . ”

“Takumi, do you have any plans tomorrow? If not, I can accompany you to the stores . ”

“Is that okay with you?”

“Yeah, I’m free until my weapons are done . Just include the shopping in the request . ”

That being the case, Rudolph-san will be accompanying us for shopping tomorrow .

“Ah, one last thing! Don’t ever show those huge pearls and bracelets to people!”

At the last moment, Rudolph-san didn’t forget to mention the pearls and mermaid bracelets .

“Ah, I know that, but… I can’t always manage to stop them in time~”

“So this was not the first time, oi! You are too careless!”

“… I have no excuses . ”

Every time, before I could say “Ah!”, the pearls already entered other people’s sight .

“Buy toy boxes and put them inside! If you do that, you can stop them before they open the boxes!”

“Ohh! That’s a good idea! Let’s buy that tomorrow too!”

Still, I was able to have this big harvest only from showing the children’s baggage~ As expected of a person with experience .




Chapter 214

The next day, we went with Rudolph-san to replenish the equipment .

First, we bought general medicine, smoke bombs and flares at a pharmacy .

Rather, I had no idea smoke bombs and flares were sold at the pharmacy! Of course, stores that sell tools for adventurers apparently sell them too, but pharmacy has more varieties, it seems . I am seriously glad Rudolph-san went with us!

After that, I ordered a treasure chest-like toy box at a carpenter’s and bought small blankets in a bedding store . I also bought blankets that were similar to bathrobes . They were wearable blankets . I thought it would come in handy, so I bought three .

Lastly, Rudolph-san brought us to a weapon’s shop to get the knives . It was the shop that was repairing his weapons .

“Old man, we are intruding~”

“Oh, is it you, Rudolph? You came at the right time!”

“W, what is it? What’s wrong, Old man?”

The moment we entered the workshop, a man that was sitting behind the counter stood up as he hit the counter .

“I am lacking materials! Let’s go to the mines! Right away!”

It appears that he wanted to visit the mines to restock on materials, so he was thinking of hiring guards, and then, Rudolph-san appeared just at the right time .

“Old man, look here~… my weapon is with you for repairs . ”

“Since it’s you, you will be fine with a substitute . ”

“Well, I won’t say it won’t be fine, but…”

Are there perhaps no monsters in the mines that would make Rudolph-san take it seriously?

“Which tunnel?”

“A-2 should be good . ”

“N~ right~… Old man, is it fine for these guys to tag along?”

“Eh?”

Suddenly facing us, he let out a weird noise .

“These guys, you mean these kids?”

“I guarantee that they won’t be a hindrance . ”

“Hooh~ They have enough skill for your warranty, huh . But, they can’t prove their skill without proof, I might reject?”

What is this… the discussion is advancing on its own . At this rate, we will be going to the mines as we are?

“Takumi, what rank are the pipsqueaks?”

“… They are D-rank . ”

“You heard that . How about it, Old man?”

“You have said enough, Rudolph . I have no problems with it . ”

Rudolph-san’s discussion with the blacksmith’s Old man continued to advance .

“Takumi, did you know that these mines are under Feudal Lord’s management and that you needed an application to enter and mine?”

“No, I wasn’t aware . ”

“You could cave-in if you dug mindlessly, after all . ”

“Ah, I see . ”

Certainly, I can see that now that he mentioned it .

That said, it seems to take a lot of effort to dig in mines, so I feel that you can’t simply do it if it’s not your main job… but, there seem to be people managing it .

“I will tell you just in case, but you are free to collect materials around the mountain as you please if you aren’t planning on entering the mines . ”

“I am glad to hear that . ”

I definitely planned to collect materials on the mountain after entering the town, so I thought it might become a problem .

“And so, here’s the real issue at hand . The mountain has several tunnels that are numbered . ”

“Yes, I heard you talking about A-2 a little while ago . ”

“Yeah, what is important is that very ‘A’ . Tunnels with the best materials are marked with A, then it’s B as the quality goes down, and lastly C . ”

“I see~”

“Anyone can enter C as long as they apply for it . B has some conditions but they are not that severe . If you are not a problem child and you don’t lack fighting capability, you will get permission . But, A tunnels are restricted to those who have a permit that can be granted by a few authorized people in the town . ”

“And that person has a permit then?”

“Yeah, that’s correct . ”

I see, it seems that you normally don’t have the opportunity to enter A tunnels . Is this why Rudolph-san is trying to make us tag along?

I feel that we would be able to enter if I asked Tristan-sama or Matthias-san for permission, but…

I won’t tell Rudolph-san that no matter what . Besides, I can’t rely on the two just because of something like this~

Ah, I have to send them letters that we have safely arrived in Kelm! Would addressing them to the Ruven family and Castle be good? Anyhow, I can’t forget about this!

“I understand from the flow of the conversation that companions of the one in possessions of the permit can enter too, but isn’t there like a limit of people that you can take or other conditions?”

“There is, but it won’t be a problem for you guys . ”

He has confirmed the ranks of the children earlier… is that it? So it means there is a minimum combat ability to enter . Therefore——

“So there are monsters in the tunnels then?”

“There are no big shots, but there are small fries here and there . This Old man over here can take care of them himself, but his priority is mining, after all . ”

“Ah, I see . When it comes to mining, you need to be facing the walls with tools in hands . The time to react will be delayed no matter what, so an escort is necessary . ”

“That’s the case . ”

I understand why guards are needed when mining . I can also see the merit of going to the A tunnels . However——

“Is there an advantage for the Old man to bring us, strangers, with him?”

“Don’t worry about that! I can tell that Rudolph is fond of you guys!”

The old man laughed “Gahahaha” .

“I’m sure you don’t know about this too, but there’s a decent fee for entering the mines . It depends on the number of people . But, on the other hand, you can take as much as you can carry from the mines . ”

“So that means you don’t have to pay anything to the fief from the stuff you mined?”

“Indeed . There are many ways you can mislead others with the amount of stuff you mined . That’s why they collect entrance fees instead . ”

Certainly, there’s Infinite Storage and magic bags, so it would be difficult to ascertain the amount you mined precisely .

“And so, here’s the main problem . I’m not going to pay you any escort fees . You must pay the entrance fees yourself if you want to enter . Basically, I can leave the guard role to Rudolph, so you guys can pick and mine in the meanwhile . You will surely be able to get enough to pay back for the entrance fees, but it’s up to you whether you make a profit . Also, if you find something I need, sell it to me . That is my only condition and advantage in taking you with me! You will get things for cheaper from me than buying them in another store that way! How about it?”

Old man’s proposal was very easy for me to accept .

“”Will do collecting!””

The children were already fully motivated .

“Please let us accompany you by all means . ”

“Alright, it’s decided then . I’m Morgan . As you can see, I am the shopkeeper of this smithery . ”

“I am Takumi, an adventurer . These children are Allen and Elena . We just arrived to this town, so we are newbies around here . Please treat us kindly . ”

“”Treat us kindly . ””

“Ou! Then, let us go right away!”

The Old man—— Morgan-san, was a man of action as he was ready to leave immediately after things were decided .

“Ah, Morgan-san, I would like to buy knives before we leave . Also, a hammer that I could use for mining?”

“Ah, that reminds me you came here for a purpose! There are knives on the shelf over there . We can settle the accounts later! I don’t sell hammers, so I will lend you one of mine this time . ”

“Sorry about that . Thank you . ”

“Now, now, Rudolph, don’t be so absentminded, we are leaving!”

… Morgan-san was really eager to go to the mines as he urged us out of the store .




Chapter 215

We went to the nearby gate north of the workshop and entered the mines from there .

Kelm’s north gate wasn’t for entering and leaving the town, but specifically for entering the mines, so the gate was right at the foot of the mountain .

“Huh?”

“What’s the matter, Takumi?”

“It’s nothing, I just thought that there would be several entrances since the tunnels are numbered A, B, etc . ~”

However, there was only one entrance as far as I could see .

“The path is split inside . Rather, the whole thing would cave-in if there were holes all over the place!”

“Ah, right! N? But then, how is entering the A tunnels being restricted?”

Wouldn’t a person who is allowed only to enter C tunnel mistakenly enter B or A tunnel?

“There are locked fences all over the mines, so you can never enter into a wrong one by mistake . ”

“Heeh~ so it’s like that? So, what do you do when you are allowed to enter?”

“You use this thingy . ”

While I was listening to Rudolph-san’s explanation in wonder, Morgan-san rolled up his sleeve and showed me his wrist .

“… A magic tool?”

There were two wide bracelets with magic stones embedded in them on Morgan-san’s wrist .

“Yeah, this is the so-called key . ”

The north gate also served as a toll booth for the mines, where the entrance fees are collected . At that time, Morgan-san received something from the staff there and it seems to be this magic tool that serves as a key .

“The fences have built-in magic stones and they are designed to open when a magic tool of the same wavelength approaches . This one is for B fences . And this one is for A fences . ”

“Heeh~ what an incredible mechanism~”

“Now, now, if you get it, let us go . ”

“Ah, yes . ”

For some reason, Rudolph-san and Morgan-san turned away from my innocent gaze and urged to enter the mines .

“”Dark~?””

“Indeed . ——Light . ”

The inside of the mines was fairly wide but a bit too dark . There are lanterns here and there, but they do not illuminate the entire path . So, I immediately used magic to illuminate the surroundings .

“Ohh, this brightness is good!”

“I used it before thinking, but the brightness won’t become a problem, no?”

“Only the bat-type monsters dislike brightness, so there are no problems . Rather, it will be easier for me to work when I can actually see, so it’s very welcomed!”

Morgan-san received the light well . But, are the bats really fine? I have the image of cavern bats fluttering past us all at once… does that happen only in movies?

“Oh, that reminds me, we forgot about the lanterns . ”

While thinking about the bat ecology, Rudolph-san recalled something as he muttered .

“You mean for the children’s baggage?”

“Yeah, they don’t have anything like that, right?”

“Indeed . A source of light is definitely important . I will make sure to buy them when we return to the town . ”

“Ou, do that . ”

I don’t have use for it since I can use magic, but children would need them . Would an illumination magic tool be better than a lantern? We have plenty of money, so let’s settle on the magic tool .

Still… there seem to be even more items I need to pack for the children~ ah, right!

“Allen, Elena, you better wear your gloves in here . ”

“”Okay~!””

I retrieved children’s leather gloves from my Infinite Storage and let the children wear them .

I noticed this after it has gotten brighter, but the surface around here is all rough rocks . Some are likely to be sharp too . Therefore, it would be better for their hands to be protected just in case .

“Once we finish our business here, keep those gloves in your pouches, okay?”

“”Got it~””

Once we are done here, I will let them keep the gloves .

“Hey, hey, let’s go deeper . ”

“”Can we gather thingies~?””

Immediately after entering, Allen and Elena appealed to Morgan-san .

“N? Even if you want to gather, there is nothing this close to the entrance . ”

“”There is, you know~? Over there~!””

“”Haah!?””

Allen and Elena pointed a little below the center of the wall . Just right at Allen and Elena’s height of eyes, there was a flower with white and purple petals in full bloom .

“”Why is a Fern Flower growing in a place like this!!””

Rudolph-san and Morgan-san shouted at the same time .

Fern Flower is, err… a flower that is said to bring good luck to those who finds it, right~ It’s in a dimmer place than usually found, so everyone must have overlooked it, I guess?

“Ohh! You found something amazing, Allen, Elena!”

“”Ehehe~ Oniichan, is amazing?”

“Amazing, very amazing! This flower is not easy to find . Moreover, it’s a medicinal flower with a detoxification effect of various poisons . It’s a very good find . ”

Incidentally, we already got our money back for the entrance fee?

I have a feeling that this Fern Flower is going to pay us back the entrance fee for three people several times over, though .

“… What kind of joke is this? We just took a few steps into the mines . ”

“Haah… you guys are more capable than I thought~”

“Moreover, what’s with that reaction, you three? Fern Flowers are rare, you know? Why! What’s with that exchange that looks like a parent praising his children for helping him a little!!”

Nono, I am very surprised myself, okay? There was a precious flower growing in a place where many people come and go, yet it was my children who found it!

“Give up, Old man . Rather, I am sure it will get even worse from now on, so you better prepare yourself . ”

“… Even worse, you say . What are they going to do?”

“There’s no way I would know, right?”

“Hey, stop it! Rudolph-san, Morgan-san, I can hear you, alright!”

Well, my kids might do something outrageous while gathering or mining, but… that’s just a possibility, okay!? It’s not absolute, alright?

“N? I am not saying anything wrong, no? You guys will do something since it’s you who we are talking about . In that case, it’s better for us to prepare for it . Listen, there won’t be any problems if you struck a massive amount of Mithril, ya know?”

“Ohh! That would be great!”

“If you are this lucky, won’t you find Adamantite or Orichalcum too?”

“Ohh! Do it! You don’t have to hesitate about that, just do it!”

Morgan-san was very expectant after hearing Rudolph-san’s words .

Still, Adamantite and Orichalcum can be found here, after all~ I have yet to see it myself, so I am a bit expectant . Therefore, I was feeling very welcoming to the outrageous things that might happen .




Chapter 216

“Alright~! Let’s proceed to our destination and dig up everything!”

Morgan, who was fully enthusiastic all of sudden, started walking so we followed after him .

“”Ah!””

Then, Allen and Elena immediately found something and ran a little ahead .

After squatting about five meters in front of Morgan-san, they picked up something and happily returned .

“”Onii~ chan . ””

“Allen found something orchid-like~”

“Elena you see, I found a daylily-like flower~”

“You found it well in the dark~”

“”Saw it~””

Even though I illuminate the surroundings with Light, it’s still dark five meters ahead . Even so, Allen and Elena found medicinal plants, so they ran ahead . The two seem to see well in the dark .

“Allen, Elena, you are fine to go gathering, but you mustn’t go to places we can’t see you from . ”

“”Okayy~””

This time, we are not able to choose the destination on our own, so I advised the children to be careful where they go .

“This way . ”

That being the case, we proceeded under Morgan-san’s lead and passed through the fence labeled A-2 .

“Alright, let’s start digging around here . ”

“”Digging~””

“Here lad, you guys use these . ”

Morgan-san took out small pickaxes and handed them to Allen and Elena . He said that he would lend me mining tools, but it seems that he has prepared some for the children too .

“Is this fine, Morgan-san?”

“What is?”

“No, I did not think too much about borrowing tools from you, but they must be very important to you, no? We really are amateurs, after all . ”

Tools are important to the craftsmen, no? You wouldn’t usually lend these things to kids, right?

I’ve heard that swordsmen don’t lend their swords to others… I imagined that craftsmen would be even more concerned about their tools .

“Hahaha~ I would refuse if I didn’t want to lend you any, so be at ease! Those are tools the apprentices use, so there’s no problem . ”

I see, they are tools to lend to the apprentices . I can feel better about it then .

“Thank you very much . We will be borrowing them then . ”

“”Do my best~””

“Ou, work hard! I won’t mind if you dig up the big game, alright!”

… Morgan-san’s expectations are growing .

Well, Allen and Elena are totally willing, and I would also like to see what we can find~

“Now then, Allen, Elena, where would you like to dig first?”

“”Hmm, you see, over there~””

“Roger that, over there it is . ”

“”Yeah!””

Morgan-san already started working, so we decided to start digging too .

“Using all of your strength when digging would be dangerous, so you have to dig little by little, okay?”

“”Got it~””

I don’t really know where to look for minerals, so I decided to leave it to instincts first .

“”Ei!””

When Allen and Elena swung their pickaxes enthusiastically——crack, the surface rock crumbled .

“Right, just like that . Carefully . ”

“”Yess~””

I did not feel a hazard in the children’s work, so I decided to dig too .

“”Nniyu?””

“N? What’s the matter?”

Not a long time after they started digging, Allen and Elena let out weird voices .

Therefore, when I looked at the two, I could see a whitish lump mixed within the gray of the crumbled rock .

“Uoh! They really dug up Mithril!”

Noticing Allen and Elena’s reaction, Morgan-san swiftly ran over .

“”Misril?””

“Right, it’s Mithril!”

“”Amazing~?””

“It is amazing! I haven’t gotten any Mithril recently, so I had to settle for iron these days! You really did well!”

“”Ohh~””

Morgan-san explained in excitement .

“Dig more where this came out from! More Mithril may come out!”

“”Okay~””

The children and Morgan-san were now happily digging together .

Somehow… they become close without I noticed .

“The Old man is unusually lively today~”

Rudolph-san who was watching the surroundings came over to me, apparently finding Morgan-san’s state curious .

“Is that so?”

“Oh yeah, he’s normally the ‘work in silence’ type of guy . ”

“He must be the opposite of what he usually is then . ”

The current Morgan-san was digging while conversing with Allen and Elena happily .

“That’s right . I have been to the mines with the Old man many times, but this is my first time seeing him like that . Still… you guys really did dug out Mithril . ”

“Nono, I had nothing to do with that, okay!?”

“If the pipsqueaks do something, you have to take collective responsibility, Takumi . ”

“Ehh!?”

He’s intending me to take responsibility for what the children do . However, that’s only when they make a mistake or cause trouble, right? This time is completely different, right!?

“”Something came out~””

While my hands were stopped because I was talking with Rudolph-san, Allen and Elena apparently dug out something again .

This time, rather than Mithril, it seemed like a whitish gem .

“Lemme see? Ohh, it’s Platinum ore!”

Morgan-san spoke before I could appraise it .

Platinum ore…? Not White Gold?

“Morgan-san, isn’t something very similar used to make coins?”

“N? Yeah, I’ve heard that there are white coins which are very rare . They are called White Gold coins if I am not mistaken . Unfortunately, this is not White Gold . ”

It’s platinum then . Well, either way, I imagine it can be used to make jewelry .

“There is . ”

“Whitish~”

“Mithril!?”

After that, Allen and Elena dug up some Mithril and even some small crystals .

“At any rate, digging up one after another, this is really incredible . I wonder if I should bow my head and give some offerings?”

O, offerings… entreaty to a deity, you mean? Ah, but, worshipping Allen and Elena might have a plausible effect . They are a god’s children, after all . Well, they are not the children of Earth God that is related to mining, but the Water God, though~

“”What is it~?””

“Just a don’t knock it until you’ve tried it, type of thing . You guys don’t mind me . ”

“”… Okay~?””

——Oi! Morgan-san, you really are worshipping them!?




Chapter 217

Feeling satisfied after worshipping Allen and Elena, Morgan-san resumed mining, so we did too .

“Allen found red one~”

“Elena got purple~”

This time, Allen found a rubellite and Elena found amethyst . Both were the size of a thumb, beautiful and gave a sense of translucence .

“Oh, I got one too . ”

I found black quartz .

“Oh, there’s also a light blue one . ”

“”Clear~””

There must be lots of quartz around here as we found them often . In addition to the red quartz, amethyst, and black quartz, we also found a clear, whitish quartz, citrine, brown quartz, green, blue and even orange-colored one . Rather, their colors weren’t mixed whatsoever, all were magnificently single-colored . Wasn’t the color of quartz supposed to be influenced by the minerals or geothermy? I thought you shouldn’t be able to find such a different variety of quartz in one place, but that doesn’t seem to be the case on Aetherdia .

“This is iron ore . ”

I also dug out a lot of iron ore, but unfortunately, I did not find any rare ores like Mithril or Platinum as Allen and Elena did~

“Alright-! There it is!”

Morgan-san, who has secured only iron ore so far, seemed to have finally found something .

“What is it?”

“Mithril! It’s the result of my worshipping!”

“Nonono, worshipping is unrelated, right! This is your own work, Morgan-san!”

I certainly did think that worshipping the children would be effective, you know? However, the children did not do anything special, okay!? They did not specify an excavation point or anything, so it’s Morgan-san’s own ability!

“I did not feel like I was digging the Mithril by myself! Rudolph! You did well proposing for Takumi and the kids to accompany us!”

“Old man, isn’t that just one lump of ore? Leave that for when you find the amount you need . ”

“Right? I might be able to dig up more! Aight, let’s keep digging!”

I wonder why Rudolph-san wasn’t denying it!?

“Hey, Rudolph-san . Allen and Elena certainly have good luck, but it can’t be transferred on others . ”

“It’s the frame of mind . Positive thinking makes success, negative thinking makes failure . Has that not been the result so far?”

“… It has . ”

Certainly thinking “Not good, there’s no way I can do it . ” would make you fail more than often . And vice versa .

“Well, I do think that it’s an extreme example in the Old man’s case . Nonetheless, Takumi . Can you be absolutely sure that it wasn’t the influence of your good luck?”

“……”

Sorry, I can’t .

I mean, I can’t deny nor affirm that? That kind of question is unfair .

“”Onii~ chan . ””

“We found . ”

“Sparkly~”

As Rudolph-san and I talked, Allen and Elena who were mining brought over a fist-sized red stone .

“Whoah~”

“Uoh . Isn’t that ruby? Moreover, it’s huuuge . ”

“Indeed . ——Allen, Elena, that’s an amazing find . ”

What the two found was a ruby crystal . They found something incredible~

“Mining is amusing!”

“Will find more interesting stuff!”

“I see, it’s amusing, huh~ But, haven’t you found enough already?”

“”No! Will find more!””

“Well, I won’t stop you from enjoying yourselves, so go and have fun . But, be careful not to get injured . ”

“”Got it~””

The children seemed to be fully engaged in mining and were having lots of fun . Well, it’s a real treasure hunt, after all . And they found lots of treasure so far, so… of course they are having fun~

“Uha! That’s a lot!”

A short time later, Morgan-san returned with his arms full of Mithril .

His face was blushed and he seemed very joyous .

“Ohh, you found it . ”

“Yeah! I was able to secure plenty of iron ore too . Geez~ I have never gotten so much stuff in a single mining trip!”

“What, are you finishing already? We still have some time, why not collect as much as possible?”

“No way! I am digging more for sure!”

Morgan-san found a place to put down the ores and returned to digging .

“”Nniyu?””

“What’s the matter, Allen, Elena?”

“”This is not a quartz~?””

There was a milky-white lump, just the right size for them to hold it, in the hands of Allen and Elena who were digging in silence . At first glance, it looked like white quartz, but it was no quartz .

When I appraised it, it came out as salt .

“Ah, that’s rock salt . ”

“”Rock salt?””

“Yeah . It’s a lump of salt . ”

“You have dug up something unusual again~”

Noticing that the children dug something strange again, Rudolph-san sounded exhausted .

“Is it rare?”

“Yeah, you don’t find it often . Moreover, the rock salt from here is delicious, so it’s quite popular . ”

“”Delish!?””

Hearing the word “delicious”, Allen and Elena’s eyes started sparkling .

“Even if the same person cooks the same dish, using this salt will make the dish taste much better . ”

“That’s amazing . ”

I certainly heard before that food changes with salt . Also, there are salts that go well with the ingredients .

Does this rock salt go well with any ingredients too then? That’s why the food tastes better? Is this the rock salt Natally-san (LN character?) used? Yep, seems like it .

“Onii-chan!”

“Make food!”

“N? Speaking of which, it’s almost time for lunch, isn’t it? Rudolph-san, is it safe to cook within the mines?”

“Starting fire inside would certainly be bad, but you have magic tools, no? There wouldn’t be a problem using them . Let me enjoy your food by all means too . ”

“I understand . But, I won’t be making anything exquisite . ”

“I have no complaints as long as there’s a portion for me as well . ”

Now then, what should I cook?

“Allen, Elena, may I use that salt?”

“”Yea! Use it!””

The children were still holding onto the rock salt, so I received it from them .

I would like to use this rock salt, after all . A sandwich with simple meat sprinkled with salt and vegetables?

“”Will help~?””

“It’s okay, I will be making something simple . You guys should take a rest . ”

“”Then, will dig~!””

“Eh? You are not tired yet?”

“Is fine~!”

“Will find salt~”

The children wanted to help, but I was making only sandwiches, so when I suggested them to take a rest, the two rejected and resumed their search for more rock salt .

I don’t think it’s too late to look for it after verifying the taste, but… well, as long as they are in high spirits . They will have to take a break when they eat anyway .




Chapter 218

After seeing the children off, I immediately got to work .

“Now then, let’s do this . ”

The ingredients… meat, let’s see~ maybe I should use bird meat and make a chicken sandwich?

A simple grilled one seasoned with salt, sandwiched between lettuce and mayonnaise . Ah~… but wouldn’t the taste of salt be difficult to discern if I use mayonnaise? But, I would prefer using mayonnaise~

All right, let’s think about this later!

“A type of bird meat, let’s see…”

Oh! We got plenty of Cockatrice meat in a dungeon!

“Oh, what a nice smell . ”

Rudolph-san approached as I started grilling the meat .

“Takumi, what kind of meat is that?”

“Err… It’s a Cockatrice . ”

“……”

For a moment, I was worried about what to say, but when I told Rudolph-san what kind of meat it was, he sunk into silence . Wasn’t Cockatrice a B-ranked monster? Is this too much?

I have usually talked with the Ruven family about what kind of meat I was going to use, but I remember hearing that the nobility often eat the meat of B-ranked monsters .

“You seemed to be hesitating to speak up, so you are aware that it’s not meat you would usually use, right?”

“Do A-ranked adventurers not eat the meat of B-ranked monsters often?”

“Only sometimes when I splurge, but I rarely get to eat it . ”

“… Is that so?”

Unlike the nobility, adventurers bring down the monsters themselves, so I thought that it wouldn’t be so unusual for the top class adventurers to eat B-ranked monster’s meat often… it seems that I was wrong .

“Ah, yeah, there’s no problem for you guys to eat good quality meat . Just be aware that it’s not the usual thing to do . ”

“… Roger that . ”

It means that it would be better to use C-ranked meat the next time we eat in front of other people!

“Isn’t it good already?”

“Indeed, it’s grilled . ”

The meat was grilled, so I finished my work .

I cut a long white bread, placed lettuce, the grilled meat, and mayonnaise in-between .

“Rudolph-san, could you call Morgan-san over?”

“Yeah, got it . ”

“Allen, Elena, come here . The food is done, so let’s take a break . ”

“”Yess~””

First, I applied Washing on the children who ran over immediately after I called them .

“Take off your gloves for a little bit . Are your palms hurting?”

“”It’s fine?””

They kept on swinging their pickaxes for a while, so I had the children take off their gloves to check whether they got any blisters or if their skin got peeled .

“Seems there really are no problems . ”

“”Yea, no problems!””

“Oi, oi, their soft hands didn’t even turn red?”

“Indeed . Surprisingly, there seems to be no change . ”

It’s no wonder Rudolph-san was surprised . Despite working so hard, the two’s hands were soft as ever . The feeling their hands give off when touched is superb .

“Well, their bodies are strong from the start, after all . Rather than that, why don’t we eat before it gets cold? Huh? Rudolph-san, where is Morgan-san?”

Just when I thought to start eating, Rudolph-san returned, but Morgan-san was nowhere to be seen .

“Old man is over there . I called him, but it seems that my voice didn’t reach him . ”

“Your voice didn’t reach him, you say… is he so focused? Is he always like that when he works? Wouldn’t it be dangerous if some kind of emergency situation occurred?”

“This should be the first time it happened in the mines? Well… he’s on fire today, so it can’t be helped . ”

Morgan-san looked very happy when he dug out Mithril, after all~ He might be trying to mine as much as he can .

“… N? Rudolph-san, did you say ‘in the mines’ just now?”

“He apparently immerses himself in the workshop so much he forgets to eat and sleep . ”

“… Is that so?”

Time passes quickly when you immerse yourself in work, after all~ That would surely be the case for craftsmen too .

Well, I believe there’s going to be a chance for him to stop working for a little, so I will hand him the food then .

“Then, shall we eat first? Here, Allen, Elena . Rudolph-san too, eat up . ”

“”Yay . looks delish~””

“Uoh, this looks great . Then, I won’t be holding back…”

When I handed the chicken sandwiches to the three, they immediately bit down .

“”Delish~””

“Umee~”

“”Umee~?””

“Allen, Elena, stop with the ‘Umee’ . You don’t have to repeat that . ”

The three let out impressed voices, but Allen and Elena corrected themselves and used the words Rudolph-san used for some reason . But, as expected, I would like them to refrain from saying that .

“”Mee~?””

“… Imitating animal squeals is cute, so that one is fine . ”

Imitating sheep and goats… that one is fine .

“No, this really is ‘umee~’ ya know!”

“Rudolph-san, Rudolph-san, the kids are going to copy you, so please refrain from saying ‘umee’ in front of them . ”

“Ohh, sorry . It was so delicious (umai) that my words got broken . I will be careful . ”

“Thank you very much . Well… I am glad you found it palatable . ”

“No, this really is delicious! But, Takumi, did you not choose the dish wrongly? The meat of Cockatrice is naturally tasty, so when you put in bread like this, I can’t tell whether the salt is tasty or not!”

… Indeed, as Rudolph-san said, salt is tasty when it comes to it, but I can’t really tell if it enhanced the taste of this dish or not .

“Onii~ chan’s food is . ”

“Always delish . ”

“I know that any food Takumi makes is delicious . We are talking about whether the salt you guys dug out is tasty or not . ”

“”Salt~?””

“Right, the salt . Could you tell the salt was different from what he usually uses?”

“”… It’s delish?””

Inquired by Rudolph-san, Allen and Elena replied while tilting their heads .

“Allen, Elena, you can say that you couldn’t tell if you couldn’t tell, okay?”

“”Couldn’t tell!””

“Yep, honesty is good!”

“”Yea~””

Allen and Elena couldn’t discern the salt whatsoever .

Well, I would be surprised if salt alone had so much discerning taste, so not being able to tell the difference may be only a matter of course .

“I wonder if you could tell the difference if I made the same two dishes using different kinds of salt?”

“That sounds amusing . Make sure to call me over when you are going to do it!”

“”Sounds amusing!””

“I say it just in case, but I won’t be doing that anytime soon . ”

“”Ehh~””

“Then, would you like to stop the digging and go back to cook?”

Allen and Elena showed stunned expressions after hearing my words .

“”No way~””

“Right? That’s why we should leave the cooking for another time . Let’s rest for a little longer and return to digging, alright?”

“”Yeah!””

Once it was decided to leave the salt-tasting for another time, Morgan-san who finally noticed that we were taking a break and eating ran over saying “You guys are unfair . ”




Chapter 219

“Now then, shall we start digging again?”

“”Will start~””

As Morgan-san was praising the chicken sandwich he had with a cup of tea highly, we stood up thinking of resuming the mining . At that time——

“”Uniyu?””

A white object the size of a rugby ball passed in front of us .

“”Mouse~?””

“That’s a mouse, indeed . What a pretty-looking white mouse that was . ”

If I am not mistaken, that was… a Devil Rat, wasn’t it? It’s not that big, but it’s quite a popular monster because of its silky white fur .

“Oh, isn’t that the black-bellied rat! The surroundings must be filled with nice fragrance at this time, so it was probably lured over by the scent . ”

“Black… eh?”

Huh, did Rudolph-san call it black-bellied just now?

Moreover, lured over by the scent… the scent of chicken sandwich?

“Rudolph-san, the scent aside, that monster just now was a Devil Rat, wasn’t it? The name seems unbecoming of its appearances, though…”

I have not the slightest idea why it has the name of a devil despite having a fur this white .

“Takumi, don’t be deceived by its appearances . That fellow is an extremely devious and sly monster . ”

“Eh? Is that so? That’s why ‘black-bellied’?”

I see . Then, it was named devil after its character?

“There’s that too, but… the insides of that fellow’s belly, or rather the inner parts of the fur, are black for some reason . ”

“Ehh?”

The inner part of the fur is black… so it’s naturally reversible? That’s quite novel~

“”Wow, wow . ””

This time, the Devil Rat passed between Allen and Elena .

“”Wait~””

Allen and Elena chased the Devil Rat . However, on top of being quick, it also continuously changed its direction, so Allen and Elena were unable to catch it .

“… It’s running away, but it’s not trying to leave this place, huh . ”

It’s not like it’s locked up here, so it’s possible for it to escape where we can’t see . But, the Devil Rat was loitering around our place .

“Isn’t it looking for the origin of the scent?”

“Nono, that can’t be right . ”

“You can’t tell with this fellow . ”

I didn’t think so, but Rudolph-san seemed quite confident .

“”Wait, wait~””

“Allen, Elena, it means no real harm, you can leave it alone, you know?”

“”Just a lil’ bit more~””

The kids kept on chasing the Devil Rat .

“It’s supposed to be a hard to kill, swift monster that doesn’t show up often~ But, you sure you want to overlook it? That fellow’s fur is popular and quite expensive . ”

“That seems to be the case, but… it doesn’t seem like the children will be able to catch it . ”

“Ah~… they are usually caught with traps . Still, they are chasing with such a vigor yet they seem to be nowhere close to capturing it . ”

“Yes . Well, the two seem to be having fun chasing it . ”

Allen and Elena were all ““Kyaa, kyaa . ”” with cheerful expressions on their faces .

“”Huhh~””

“””Whoah~”””

However, that didn’t continue for long . For some reason, the Devil Rat that was running from place to place crashed into the wall and stopped moving .

“… Eh? D, did it kill itself?”

“”Itself~?””

We were stunned by the unexpected turn of events .

“Err… did it perhaps just faint?”

“No, it is definitely dead . ”

“What are we going to do about that Devil Rat?”

“Well, it was chased by the kids, so shouldn’t it be their loot?”

“… That doesn’t sound right for some reason . ”

“I have no complaints, the Old man also won’t mind . Right?”

“Ou . ”

Morgan-san immediately agreed with Rudolph-san .

It is valuable, but… I can’t help but feel burdened by it .

“Takumi, the Guild will be very happy even if you bring them a single one . ”

“I think so too, but…”

“That, or let’s see~ how about using it to for the kids’ clothes? For scarf or something like that?”

“… That’s way too conspicuous, isn’t it?”

If they were wearing scarves the nobles covet… they will be zeroed in on in worst-case scenario, no?

I think Allen and Elena would be really cute if they were to wear it, but I definitely think that it’s a bad idea!

“Haah… I will accept your suggestion and bring it to the Guild . ”

“Ou, do that, do that . ”

I thought of tossing it into the Infinite Storage, but were are not alone now, so I am going to handle it as a treasure .

I mean, I am scared were something to happen and I still had the fur on me .

See, Rudolph-san and Morgan-san could be talking about something with no malice, so if I still had the fur at that time, I would be completely involved!

“”Ah!””

“What’s the matter, Allen, Elena?”

“It came . ”

“Again~”

“Eh?”

When I looked where Allen and Elena were pointed at, wasn’t that another Devil Rat I saw?

Are they really lured over by the scent?

“Allen, Elena, I will say it just in case, but even though they may look cute, they are apparently very cunning, so they are not suitable to be pets, okay?”

First of all, I cautioned the children so something like with the Pastel Rabbits won’t happen again .

“”Cunning~?””

“It means dishonest, or malignant… you still don’t understand, do yo? Err… anyhow, their personalities are apparently really, really bad . ”

“”Defeat~?””

“They are good at escaping, so leave them alone . You can’t use magic in here . ”

Unlike Dungeons, the place would collapse if they missed with a spell, so I warned them .

“Now, now, we are losing precious time, why don’t we resume the digging~”

“”Yess~””

“Well then, I will get back to work too!”

The results in the afternoon were quite good .

Lots of iron ore, a little bit of Mithril and gems of various types . And above all, we dug up large amounts of rock salt .

And also, an extra Devil Rat that also collided with the wall for some reason . Or rather, it was forced by Rudolph-san .

“What a good harvest!”

“Truly~ Ah, that reminds me, we promised to sell you what we dig up, didn’t we? What would you like to buy, Morgan-san?”

“Oh~ I almost forgot . But, as you can see, I had this kind of harvest thanks to you guys~ I can’t hog it all for myself . Right, I won’t say to sell it all, but why don’t you take a bit to the Guild?”

“I understand . Then, I will hand it over with the Devil Rat . ”

“Ou, do that . ”

Morgan-san had quite the harvest too . There was no need for him to buy from us too .

In that case, I decided to sell off some… But, I will have to decide what to sell after I carefully examine what we dug out!




Chapter 220

“Good morning . ”

“”Morning~””

When I opened my eyes in the morning, Allen and Elena were already awake, lying face down and flapping their legs while peeking at my face .

“You are early as usual~ Did you sleep well?”

“”Yea!””

“Slept . ”

“Lots~”

“I see . Then, are your muscles in pain by any chance?”

“”No~””

They have used their muscles quite a lot in the mines, but they don’t seem to have any problems .

“I’m not going to sell the materials today, but let’s go to the Guild to send the letters, and also… let’s visit the temple today . ”

“”Letters~?””

“That’s right . We have to inform others that we have arrived in Kelm . Let’s see~… one to the castle, one to Matthias-san, and one to Rebecca-san . You have been practicing writing letters, do you want to write something too?”

“”Want~””

“Then, let’s write the letters before having breakfast . ”

“”Okay!””

We only have to write about our current status and not in detail, so the letters will be finished soon .

“”Umm…””

When I prepared papers and pens for Allen and Elena, the two thought about the sentences to write with the utmost effort, and carefully began writing .

It’s just that this world’s pens are quill pens, and you have to use ink quite often, so it’s a little difficult to write with .

Well, I am also not too used to it just yet . There might be no ballpoint pens or fountain pens, but I could maybe find a pencil if I look around, no?

Speaking of pencils, there are colored pencils too . Getting drawing materials and letting the children draw sounds good too . Let’s look for it .

“Oh, good morning . ”

“Ou, Takumi, good morning . ”

When we finished writing the letter and went down to the dining hall, Rudolph-san and the other three members of Dragon Breath were already having a meal .

We were beckoned over, so we sat at the same table and ordered breakfast .

“You are early~”

“We are accepting a request today . ”

“Is that so? But, didn’t you put your weapons for maintenance?”

“We have plenty of requests we accept only with spare weapons . Rather than that, our bodies will grow dull if we don’t do anything . ”

Indeed, I heard that it’s difficult to get your body back to top condition once it gets dull .

“You are early today too, Takumi . Are the kids not feeling tired?”

“Not at all, they seem to be just fine . ”

“Hooh~ they are healthy, indeed . And so, what are you doing today?”

“We are going to the Adventurer’s Guild first . ”

“To the Guild? Are you going to sell yesterday’s stuff? Have you sorted it out properly?”

Rudolph-san frowned upon hearing our schedule .

“”Wrote letters~””

“Letters?”

“Yes, we are only going to mail letters today, I have no plans of selling the materials today . ”

“That so? Don’t make me startled . ”

When I elaborated in a hurry, Rudolph-san looked relieved .

Was he worried that I was going to make a fuss by selling something I shouldn’t? Does Rudolph-san take me as a “little brother that I shouldn’t take my eyes off”?

I can’t say that I am reliable, but I would like to be trusted a bit more .

“Oniichan, thank you for waiting . ”

“Thank you, Iris-chan . You are admirable, helping since morning . Huh, pizza!?”

“”Yaay~ It’s pizza~!””

There are several meals at the inn that can be selected for dinner, but there’s only one option for breakfast . It’s usually a hearty soup with bread . However, today’s breakfast was a pizza with lots of garnish and clear soup .

“Err, you see, the customers wanted it for breakfast . ”

“I see~”

The pizza that started being served at the dining hall the night before seems to be so popular that requests started piling up .

“N? What, isn’t this different from what we have?”

“Eh? Is that so?”

“The one we ate was garnished with onions, potatoes, and bacon . ”

The pizza we were served had red onions, some dark vegetable, thick slices of bacon and… red fruit? There were two ingredients I was not familiar with .

“It’s clearly different . ”

“That is the one we served at night . Otousan probably wanted Oniichan to eat one he made himself~”

“Ah, so it’s like that . ”

Speaking of which, I did say that I am looking forward to the pizza Dunst-san came up with on his own . Well, we already had a meal at Morgan-san’s shop when we came back to the inn yesterday, so we couldn’t taste the pizza yesterday .

“Should I be paying extra for this then?”

“Nope, you don’t need to pay . Otousan, you see, he said, errr… manufacturer’s privilege? or something!”

“Manufacturer’s privilege? … I see . Then, could you thank Dunst-san for me please?”

“Got it . ”

Once I knew the reason, Iris-chan was called over by another customer, so she went to listen to their order .

“”Can eat~?””

“Yeah . Let’s eat before it gets cold . But, before that——”

In front of us was a meal for three . In amounts that could satisfy three adults .

Therefore, I quartered the pizzas in front of Allen and Elena and took two slices from each pizza away . There was definitely way too much!

“Allen, Elena, dig in . ”

“”Dig in~””

I then offered the remainder of their pizzas to Rudolph-san’s group . They were watching enviously since a while ago, after all .

“It was too much for the children, so have some if you’d like . ”

“””You sure!?”””

“Are you certain!?”

The four raised their voices in joy and started eating, so I also began .

“Yep, it’s good . ”

The pizza Dunst-san made was very delicious .

Although this was my first time seeing them on Aetherida, the black vegetable and red fruit were a good match for the pizza .

“This is my first time seeing these, so I don’t know what this black vegetable and red fruit might be called?”

“That’s Aspar and Olive fruit . This goes well with cheese too, doesn’t it~”

As I thought, the black veggie was asparagus and the red fruit was actually an olive .

I have to get my hands on them if I find them in a store! Although the number of things in my Infinite Storage will increase again, I want to have on me when I want to use them .

“How was it, Takumi?”

“It was very delicious . The combination of the ingredients was very good . ”

“… Is that so? Is that so!”

When we finished eating, Dunst-san who came out of the kitchen asked for my impressions, so when I told him what I thought honestly, his expression relaxed a bit .

“Dunst-san looks so happy~”

“Yeah, he was desperately trying to hide it, but it was so obvious . ”

“Shuddup! If you guys are done eating then get out already!”

Dunst-san yelled at Rudolph-san and Iris-san because of their ridiculing words and urged them out . I think he was trying to hide his embarrassment, but… we were urged out too, for some reason . Well, we were planning on going out, so it’s fine~

In the end, we parted with Rudolph-san’s group who had to leave out of the town to complete their request, and we made our way to the Adventurer’s Guild .

“”Send letters please~””

“Yes, letter delivery? We will take care of it . Erm, the destination is… ehh!?”

The guild staff member who received the letters from Allen and Elena opened their eyes wide and froze in place when they saw one of the letter’s address… such an incident happened, but we were able to arrange the delivery safely, so we left the Adventurer’s Guild .




Chapter 221

After we finished sending the letters, we made our way to the temple .

(Syl~)

(Takumi-san! I was waiting for you!)

When I told the children to wait for a moment and called out to Syl as usual, his eager voice reached me .

(You were waiting? Did something urgent happen? Ah, did Water God-sama return, perhaps?)

(No, Windell has not returned ye——ahh!!)

Syl seemed to be very cheerful, so when I asked him what has been on my mind for a while now, he got wonderfully caught off guard .

I mean, I found it very strange that there have been no news from Windell-sama since I met Allen and Elena . Well, his retainers took some action, though~

Even Fire God-sama and Earth God-sama whom I have little relationship with sent me contracted beasts and goods, you know?

Also, there’s the conversation about chocolate I had with Syl the last time . That time, my head was full of thoughts about Allen and Elena’s birthday, but recalling carefully, Syl told me that he shared it with the Goddess of Creation Marianora-sama, Fire God Salamanteel-sama, and Earth God Nomoodle-sama . I was thinking that Water God-sama didn’t like sweet things at first . But, that’s something Syl would tell me . That’s why I was thinking that Water God-sama might be missing .

And so, I tried poking the subject a bit, but… it does seem that Water God-sama is missing, and they don’t seem to know where he disappeared to .

(Ta, Takumi-san!? Yo, you knew!?)

(No, I was just guessing? However, I got my answer thanks to you~)

(Oh my God…)

I can imagine Syl hanging his head down~

(Ah, you told me that you “can’t tell” before, will you receive a punishment or something because of this? It’s me who played unfair saying this, but would it be better if I explained to someone?)

(No… it’s fine . Even though you haven’t asked about it before, you would surely find it strange that there has been no contact from Windell for almost a year . )

(Well, yes . And so, do you know where he is?)

(Err… that’s…)

Syl was hesitating to speak . Yep, he can’t talk about the place .

(H, he went on a j, journey… to broaden his horizons?)

(Why is that a question? It’s fine, you don’t have to force yourself . )

(… Sorry . )

Even though you can just say that you can’t tell me if you can’t . Well, speaking of acting like Syl, right!

(Well, let’s stop talking about Water God-sama then . So, returning back on the subject, what were you waiting for?)

(Ah, right! I have something to give you, Takumi-san!)

(Something to give me?)

(Yes, it’s a bit late, but it’s a present for the twins’ birthday . Although I say that, I couldn’t come up with anything that would make the children happy, so I prepared something that would be helpful to you guys!)

——Piron♪

The sound I have barely heard in recent times resounded in my mind, so I opened the item list and checked the contents .

(Oh, aren’t these magic potions!)

What Syl sent me were mana potions, healing potions, and detoxifying potions . Moreover, several intermediate and advanced level ones each!

(Thanks, Syl . I was just about to look for these!)

(I am happy that you have received them positively . I don’t think you would let the children hurt themselves, but we can have peace of mind with them in your possession . )

(Indeed . They have not been seriously injured or ill up until now, but you never know what might happen . )

This certainly might seem a bit questionable as a present for the children’s birthday, but it’s certainly first-class in usefulness .

(Oh, speaking of presents… I received lots of Mou Milk and Treasure Eggs around Allen and Elena’s birthday . )

(T, that was…)

(That was?)

(From Marianora-sama . )

(Hah!?)

I was certain it was from Syl, but to think it was from Marianora-sama herself?

(Actually, as I was worried about what presents to sent, Marianora-sama told me she prepared something herself…)

(The milk and eggs?)

Milk and eggs… i, is it because she wanted to eat ice cream!? Going by the timing, was it about when I was asked for ice cream? No, was it after I sent the ice cream over?

I knew Marianora-sama liked sweets, but… to think she liked them this much?

(I believe she loves them very much . She seemed joyous the last time she ate ice cream . Err… was it cone? We unfortunately did not have that, but she apparently challenged three scoops at once . )

As I said… don’t read my mind so naturally .

Still… a cone? I have no doubt he means that, right? The cone-shaped… sugar cone, waffle cone, that kind of cone, right?

Rather, how does Marianora-sama know about cones? There aren’t any on Aetherdia, are there?

(Marianora-sama knows lots about Earth’s food for some reason~)

(… Really . )

As I said! Don’ be… oh well .

(I can’t really make a cone, unfortunately . I don’t have the ingredients and I don’t even know how . )

(I thought so . But, ice cream was really delicious even without that cone thingy! Ah, I liked the milk-flavored one the best!)

Wasn’t there a cookie cone too… maybe I can do that? But well, there’s no need to do it .

(I see . Then, shall I sent you the milk-flavored one the next time I make ice cream?)

(You will send more!? I really want to eat the milk-flavored one again, but the other flavors were yummy as well, and you had other flavors if I’m not mistaken, right? I want to try them too~)

Syl was earnestly troubled . Moreover, he knew precisely well what kind of ice cream flavors I had made .

Rather, what kind of ice creams have I made so far?

Err… milk, honey, ichi, kahee, black tea, milk tea, oren, adzuki, sesame, brandy, mint, chocolate, milk with chocolate chips, tea with chocolate chips, chocolate with chocolate chips with, milk with fruits, milk with maro nuts… is that all?

Whoah~ 17 kinds? I unexpectedly made so many~ Did I make too many? But, there are still many more flavors I would like to try~

Caramel, roasted beans, ice cream with cookies, ice cream with nuts paste, I would even like to try cheese-flavored ice cream .

(You can even make cheese into ice cream?)

(……)

… Again? Syl should be concentrating on his own thoughts, not reading mine .

(The taste will change a lot depending on the type and concentration of the cheese, and I don’t know whether it will suit your tastes, but I will try making it . )

(Heeh~ is that so~ Ah, speaking of cheese, I heard this thing called pizza is really yummy . Is that also a dish from your world, Takumi-san?)

(Correct . Rather, I thought you were only interested in sweets, but that doesn’t seem to be the case?)

(I have an interest in everything~ I mean, anything you make looks so delicious, after all . )

I thought Syl was occasionally checking on us, but… he might be unexpectedly observing a lot?

Well, it’s all good as he means no harm~

(If it’s pizza I can send you some right away . Are you interested?)

(You sure!?)

(It’s fine . There are only two, however . )

When I borrowed Dunst-san’s kitchen to bake the pizza, I made more and stored them in my Infinite Storage, so I sent that to Syl .

(Whoah, wow! Thank you so much, Takumi-san!)

(It’s better to eat the pizza while it’s hot . Then, I will be going now, you enjoy your meal . )

Pizza is half as good when it cools down . Therefore, I tried to leave to let Syl enjoy his food, but he stopped me .

(Takumi-san, wai, wait a moment!)

(N? What is it?)

(Umm… it will be almost a year since you have come to Aetherdia, right?)

(Ah, yes, that’s right . )

(I don’t know whether it’s a happy occasion, but… I would like to gift you something . And so… is there something you would like to receive?)

Syl seemed a bit guilty . Well, Syl’s failure is the reason I came to Aetherdia, so he must be feeling guilty because of that . Does he want to give me a one-year anniversary gift or something?——N?

(Oh, isn’t this in a way my birthday?)

(… It is . )

I see, he gave Allen and Elena a birthday gift, so he wants to give me something too?

Will Syl do it if I ask him honestly here? Let’s see~……

(Oh!)

(Have you come up with something you want!?)

(Yes . Syl, can you get me magical paper?)

There was a thing I wouldn’t be able to obtain easily even if I wanted to! If there’s something I would really like, it’s this!

(Magical paper, is it! Yes, that’s fine! I will prepare lots and sent them your way!)

(Really!? I am happy to hear that!)

Now I could take as many pictures of the children as I please!

Being in a good mood, I sent extra milk ice cream to Syl and left the temple with the children .




Chapter 222

We had a great harvest yesterday .

We discovered new ingredients in the morning——of course, we went to a store and bought it .

We went to the temple where I got the magic potions I was looking for . Additionally, I even got the magical papers I wanted to get my hands on for so long——they arrived in the evening in large quantity .

I felt so excited I wanted to share my feelings with others, and decided to go collect the herbs that are unique to these mines as I promised .

“Today, we are going to collect herbs around the mountain!”

“”Ohh~””

If we find herbs, Andy-san’s staff from the Adventurer’s Guild will be surely happy… well, that’s my own belief, though .

(Yay~ going out?)

(Niisama, what are you planning on doing today?)

(Seeing the mountains?)

(A stroll?)

(It’s surely herb gathering!)

As we passed through the northern gate and advanced on the path leading towards the mountain climb, there were almost no signs of other people .

Joule and Feat who knew that we were currently staying in town and not on a journey came out in their small forms, but returned to their original sizes once they saw there was no one else around .

“Mile is correct!”

(I did it!)

“The kind doesn’t matter, but we are collecting herbs from around here . Are you guys going to help us?”

(Of course!)

Not only Mile, the other children also acknowledged the herb gathering and we quickly proceeded to the mountain .

(Niisama, do you want herbs that grow only in the mountains? Is there something you are looking for in particular?)

“Let’s see~ I believe that flame grass and tengu grass definitely grow here, so I would like those . Also, I think we may be able to find moon poem and charming flower if we are lucky enough~”

Flame grass and tengu grass are quite common within the mines, while moon poems and charming flowers are “a bit rare” kind of flowers .

(Oh my, it will be easier to look for those knowing that~)

(Yep, I know these too!)

“Allen knows too~”

“Elena knows~”

(I know as well . )

(Ehh~ I dunno~)

(I am good too!)

It seems that only Vector doesn’t know the herbs by their name .

“Vector, how about you guard the surroundings and take care of the monsters then?”

(I am better with that! Got it!)

I thought Vector might be feeling left out by being the only one with a different job, but he seemed pleased instead .

Rather than paying attention, Vector definitely likes moving his body more .

Well… there seemed to be some (Allen, Elena, Joule) who seemed to be slightly envious, but they don’t dislike searching for herbs, so they did not voice any complaints .

“Anyhow, let’s look for herbs while climbing the mountain from here . ”

“”(((((Yess~)))))””

Without delay, we began climbing the mountain while looking for herbs .

“”Ah!””

As soon as we started walking, Allen and Elena seemingly found something as they broke into a run .

“There is . ”

“Tengu here~”

They have already found tengu grass, huh~ it’s as usual, but they sure are quick~

(Niisama, there’s flame grass over there~)

(I have also found flame grass~)

(Aniue, there were some strong mushrooms too, but it’s fine to ignore those, right?)

(I have found a moon poem!)

“I have found this and I have found that” voices raised and before long, three kinds of herbs and edible mushrooms were gathered around me .

“You are all really amazing at this . ”

(Right! Praise me, praise me!)

As I admired, Joule rubbed his body against me .

(Oh my, Joule, that’s not fair~)

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

Everyone gathered around me . They really cute kids .

Anyhow, after patting them in order, we resumed the gathering .

(Allen, Elena, look at this . There are amusing plants growing here!)

“”It’s round and round~””

“Those are… fiddleheads?”

What Joule found was something that looked exactly like the edible fiddleheads .

“”Fiddleheads?””

“Err, its name is… yep, it’s fiddlehead fern . ”

It seems it was called fiddlehead fern in this world too .

(Oniichan, is this edible?)

“It is… I have not eaten much of it, though . ”

I like stuff like fuki (butterbur) and takenoko (bamboo shoots), but I have not eaten much of zenmai (a type of fern top, more prized than kogomi or warabi), warabi (bracken shoots), kogomi (fernbrakes of kusasotetsu), fukinotou (flower shoots of butterbur), and udo (Japanese spikenard) .

(Takumi is talking about Sansai . Sansai (山菜) is a Japanese word literally meaning “mountain vegetables”, originally referring to vegetables that grew naturally, were foraged in the wild, and not grown and harvested from fields . However, in modern times, the distinction is somewhat blurred, as some sansai such as warabi have been successfully cultivated . For example, some of the fern shoots such as bracken (Fiddlehead) and zenmai shipped to market are farm-grown . – from Wikipedia)

(Then, I’m going to pick more, so make it the next time . )

“Sure, go ahead . ”

When I gave my consent, Joule, Allen, Elena, and Mile went to gather more fiddleheads .

However, rice seasoned and cooked with various ingredients is better than just boiling something . In that case, just fiddleheads won’t be enough .

“Mixing it with mushrooms and bamboo shoots would we the best, I really want them~”

(Bamboo shoots (takenoko = bamboo child)? Niisama, you mean that bamboo (take = bamboo)? The long green-colored thingies, right?)

“Eh? There are bamboos here?”

(Yes, there are . But those are really tough, are they really edible?)

“It’s before they become bamboos . They are not that tough when they just came out on the surface . ”

(Is that so, I didn’t know~ Ahh, that’s why they are called bamboo children, huh . )

Feat was delighted by the new knowledge .

(Bamboo forests are pretty much everywhere . There might be one around here too, I will go look for it if you’d like . )

“Really?”

(Of course . You will be happy if I find it, after all . )

(Feat, I will go too!)

(Good, let’s look for it separately . )

Feat and Bolt flew into the sky, looking for a bamboo thicket .

“”We are back~””

(Oniichan, we picked up lots, you know? Huh? Where’s Feat and Bolt?)

Allen, Elena, Mile and Joule returned with plenty of fiddleheads .

“I said that wanted some bamboo shoots——bamboo children, so they went to look for bamboo . ”

(Bamboo children? What are you going to use that for?)

“Bamboo shoots are delicious . ”

“”Delish!””

(Heeh~ that thing can be eaten? We have to find it then!)

Hearing that it’s delicious, Allen, Elena, and Joule understood why Feat and Bolt left in search of it .

(Then, we will continue after Feat and Bolt return . Shall we look for more herbs in the meantime?)

“Indeed, let’s do that . Huh? That reminds me, Vector has been quiet since a while ago . Where is he?”

“Vector is . ”

“Over there~”

I thought I didn’t hear Vector’s voice for a while now . He was apparently a little further away .

(It looks like he hunted Rocksnake again . )

“Again?”

(Yeah, “again” . Look, Oniichan, over there . )

“Eh!?”

Looking where Joule was pointing at, I was shocked .

(He has been running all over the place since a while ago, bringing back Rocksnakes . )

“… When did he manage to do that?”

There was a pile of Rocksnakes so big I was at a loss for words .

“Well, as long as he’s not injured . ”

It looks like there was no danger here, so I decided to let Vector do as he likes . Allen, Elena, Joule, Mile, and I decided to resume looking for herbs until Feat and Bolt return .




Chapter 223

After a while of searching for herbs, Feat and Bolt returned .

(Niisama, there was a bamboo forest at the foot of the mountain on the opposite side of the city . )

“Ohh!”

It seems that there was a bamboo thicket nearby .

“It’s close!”

(Yes, we are going right away, right? Come, get on . )

Feat told me to get on her back .

Allen and Elena were already on Joule and ready to go .

I think I heard that bamboo shoot digging is better done early in the morning . Luckily, we started our activities early this morning, so there should be no problems?

“Then, I will be in your care, Feat . ”

(Wah~ wait~ Niichan, look at my accomplishments~ Look at these Rocksnakes I got~)

“… Ah . ”

As I got on Feat’s back, I heard Vector’s crying voice .

The herbs were handed to me every time the children found some so they were already stored in the Infinite Storage, but the Rocksnakes were still stacked on the ground . I totally forgot about them .

Moreover, because I let Vector do as he likes, the number of Rocksnake corpses increased even more, creating a little mountain .

(These guys might be small, but they are quite tasty! They are easy to eat too!)

Vector must have thought that we were leaving him behind as he was hardly emphasizing the taste of the Rocksnakes .

“Sorry, sorry . Thank you, Vector . ”

(Ugh~ that surprised me~)

“Let’s eat them the next time with everyone . I will make whatever you like that time . ”

(… I would like a large serving . )

“Haha, roger that!”

I got down from Feat’s back, apologized while stroking Vector’s head, stored the Rocksnakes in the Infinite Storage, and promised him a large serving to apologize for startling him .

“Shall we go then?”

After soothing Vector, I got on Feat’s back and we left for the bamboo thicket .

“This is quite a big bamboo thicket . ”

(Bamboos multiply fast if left unchecked after all . )

“Yeah, I certainly heard of it . ”

I heard that planting mint and chameleon plant in the garden, like bamboo, is dangerous .

“I think there’s a period to pick these… I wonder how it is . ”

(Oniichan, aren’t these the bamboo children?)

Joule asked while looking at a knee-length bamboo .

“This one is already too big . Unless it looks like something that just came out of the ground, it’s not edible . ”

(Ehh!? We won’t be able to find those then?)

“Erm, that’s… ah! Over there! The place over there where the soil is slightly elevated . Could someone dig in there please?”

I looked around and pointed out where the ground was swelling unnaturally and asked the kids to dig .

(I will dig it~)

“Then, Vector, you do it . Be sure to avoid the center . ”

(Leave it to me~)

Vector wanted to do it, so when I asked him to take care of it, he started digging with his forepaws .

(Ah! Something came out!)

“Really?”

“Let me see, let me see~”

(It’s true! Oniichan, is this a bamboo child?)

The children gathered around Vector and looked into the hole .

“Yep, that’s a bamboo shoot . ”

Both the color and shape were very similar to what I know .

“It can be cooked with soy sauce or miso, mixed in with rice, there are various ways it can be eaten . ”

“”Will pick many~! I am off~!””

(Ah, wait! You will have trouble digging them up! Allen, I will go with you . Tell me if you find any!)

(Elena-chan is with me then . Elena-chan, let’s go . )

(I am going with Vector! Vector, I will search and you dig!)

(Got it!)

(I will watch the surroundings then . )

Joule paired up with Allen, Feat with Elena, Mile with Vector and went to look for bamboo shoots . Bolt flew up in order to watch the surroundings .

“So fast!!”

The children paired truly in a blink of an eye and scattered around .

“Somehow… I feel terribly left alone . ”

Although it was me who wanted to dig the bamboo shoots, I was left behind .

“… Well, I can’t just stand here . I better dig some too . ”

Since time is limited, I decided to dig in places where bamboo shoots were likely to grow .

“It should be a good time?”

I stopped digging for bamboo shoots earlier and decided to remove the bitterness from a few of the bamboo shoots and fiddleheads I gathered .

Although I say that, I am using magic so something that would take a long time was done fast .

“What do I do about the menu~”

Fiddleheads, bamboo shoots, mushrooms cooked in soy sauce with rice, and Rocksnakes grilled without seasonings . Also… aspar dressing and soup?

“The meal is done~ It’s time to finish . ”

The food was finished, so I called the absorbed bamboo shoot diggers . It’s best to finish digging bamboo shoots in time .

“”Food~””

(Smells good~)

(Niisama, we have gotten many bamboo shoots . )

(Aniue, I have returned . )

(Niichan, I have also dug up lots~!)

(We are back! I smell something really nice!)

The children gathered many bamboo shoots and surrounded me .

“Oh~ you really gathered quite a lot~”

“”Did our best!””

“I see, thank you . I have made a meal with the bamboo shoots right away, so eat lots . ”

“”Yea!””

I stored the bamboo shoots in the Infinite Storage and served the food to everyone .

“”It’s delish~””

(The fiddleheads and bamboo shoots are in the rice, right? It’s yummy . )

(I didn’t know bamboos were edible, but they are very nice~)

(Indeed . I had no idea bamboos were this soft before growing up . )

(This is the Rocksnake I defeated! Yummy!)

(The aspar is also refreshing and good!)

The kids seemed to like it .

The children who especially liked bamboo shoots tried to dig for more . I somehow managed to stop them and had us resume looking for herbs . We returned back to the town after collecting plenty of herbs .




Chapter 224

When we returned to the town, we headed to the Adventurer’s Guild . Of course, in order to sell the materials .

“Oh, have you guys returned just now?”

As we entered the guild, we encountered the members of Dragon Breath who were just about to leave .

“Hello . Rudolph-san too, are you just returning to the inn?”

“Ou, we were just thinking about doing that . Takumi, you… didn’t receive any requests, right? You are selling off materials then?”

“I will look at the request board first to see whether there’s something relevant to what we have, I plan to sell it normally if there’s nothing . Ah, yes, I also plan on selling what we dug in the mines . ”

When I conveyed my plans to Rudolph-san, he began pondering about something .

“Zack, Gilm, Iris, return to the inn first . I am somewhat worried, so I will return with Takumi . ”

“Eh!?”

And, he declared that he would return with us .

By the way, what are you worried about!? I have no plans of selling anything weird today, you know!?

In the first place, you are not my guardian, Rudolph-san!!

“Ou, understood~”

“Roger that . ”

“Alright~ we will return first then . ”

What’s more, Zack-san and others left Rudolph-san and went straight back .

“… Rudolph-san, are you that uneasy about my actions?”

“I am generally not worried, but generally only . But, I feel the signs of you taking out something outrageous~”

“… Ehhh~”

“Especially in the direction of magic and money . ”

“……”

Ah~ I guess I can’t argue back when he pinpoints it so accurately .

I made an effort, but I can’t get used to things with just only a year of experience .

I mean, Rudolph-san is watching me carefully . I usually don’t care about the little things that don’t concern me .

“Rudolph-san, do you always look after others like this?”

“You jest! I don’t usually take care of others like this!”

“Eh, is that so?”

“Naturally . Well, if there are newcomers that are stuck at their wits’ end, then I will give them a little bit of advice… I mean it, it’s only to that extent . ”

Rudolph-san is taking care of us very much, so I thought he might be that kind of person, but… it seems that the truth is different .

“But, you are interacting differently with us from others, no?”

“Well, I like you guys, how do I say this… it’s all according to my intuition . ”

“Eh!? Intuition?”

“Yeah, my intuition is telling me that it would be better to look after you guys . ”

I am glad that he likes us, but to say that it would be better to look after us… what do I think about that? Well, that helped us a lot, though~

“I would like to thank you then… Whether it’s because of intuition or anything else, it’s the truth that you are helping us out a lot . ”

“I don’t need you to be thankful since I am doing it of my own will . Well, it’s that . Won’t everything be all right as long as you keep on taking advantage of me?”

Taking advantage… that’s impossible, right? Using people all the time would wear me out .

“… That’s quite an unreasonable proposal . ”

“Hahaha, is that so!”

“Whoa!”

Rudolph-san who heard my reply roughly patted my head while laughing out loud .

“Wha! Hey, Rudolph-san, stop, stop it please!”

I asked Rudolph-san to stop, but he showed no signs of stopping .

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan . ””

“N? W, what is it?”

At that moment, Allen and Elena pulled on my clothes stronger than usual .

“”Squat~””

“Eh? Squat?”

Allen and Elena were pulling on me so hard that I squatted without any resistance .

“… Eh?”

Then, for some reason, Allen and Elena patted my head .

“Huh! What is this, are you trying to challenge me!?”

Rudolph-san’s laughter reappeared, and his hand that separated from my head was placed on my head again .

“… Seriously, please give me a break . ”

We were drawing the attention of the guild’s staff and the adventurers in the guild, so I felt the heat gathering on my face .

“”Onii~ chan, so red~””

“He’s red indeed . ”

Moreover, Allen, Elena, and Rudolph-san pointed out the changes on my face .

“Ahh———! I’m selling! I’m going to sell the stuff!”

When I couldn’t stand it anymore, I gathered Allen and Elena in my arms, quickly moved to the request board and checked with the materials on hand .

“Kukuku, Gail, you have a sale . Prepare a room please . ”

While I was checking the request board, Rudolph-san went to the reception and arranged a room .

“Onii~ chan, this~?”

“Yep, that’s right . Allen, can you get it?”

“Yea!”

“Onii~ chan, this one~?”

“That too . Elena, can you get it?”

“Yess~”

Allen found flame grass collection request and Elena found a request to collect tengu grass .

Allen and Elena who could only read simple numbers and letters found in picture books before, but they eagerly skimmed through the Plant Encyclopedia, so they remember the appearances and names of the plants .

“”What next?””

“A little bit of iron and mithril ore, Devil Rat fur, salt, and we can also sell a bit of the quartz~”

“”Selling salt~?””

“Everyone wants it, so let’s split up with others a little . You guys have worked really hard, so we have plenty to use for ourselves . ”

“”I see, got it~””

“Yep, thank you . ”

The children reacted to “selling salt” and made quite the sad faces, but when I told them that we have plenty for ourselves, they immediately agreed .

“That should be it?”

There’s still more to choose from, but I decided to stop there .

“Takumi, have you finished choosing?”

I was guided to another room by Rudolph-san who was waiting for us, where I took out the materials to sell .

“Err… I’d like to sell this please . ”

“Uoh! Takumi, what the hell did you take out!?”

“!!”

Some of the requests posted on the board were seeking Majesta fruit .

I forgot to sell it in the capital~… thinking that, I brought it onto the table together with the request, which surprised Rudolph-san and the staff member——Gail-san .

“… So this was no good, huh~”

No, I know that Majesta fruit is a considerably high-end item, okay? However, there were several requests for it, so I thought it might be fine to sell it~ But, it seems the number wasn’t the problem .

“Should I withdraw it?”

“Please don’t!!”

Gail-san stopped me when I tried to retrieve the Majesta fruit .

“It’s too late now! You better sell it! Haah… I am seriously glad we arranged a private room, my heart is at peace . ”

Rudolph-san sighed out and hung his head down crestfallen .

“Takumi, you better quickly fix that uncommon sense of yours . ”

“I know that Majesta fruit is a relatively expensive article, you know?”

“You can’t usually get the actual thing! And yet, why! Why did you take it out as if you were taking out Riigo fruit or Oren fruit!?”

Then, how was I supposed to take it out, I wonder?

You can always find rare things by chance regardless of rank, no? In that case, how is the finder supposed to sell it? Maybe I should look more fidgety while taking it out?

Rather, don’t you treat Riigo fruit and Oren fruit carefully when handling them?

Well, leaving the way the things were taken out aside, the rest of the requests we chose today were based on their commonness .




Chapter 225

“Takumi! You are back!”

When we returned to the inn, Dunst-san was laying in wait .

“Dunst-san, what’s the matter?”

“I heard from Zack that you have Kelm Salt?”

“Yes, I do, but…”

“Sell me a little please!”

From Zack-san? Ah, he must know from Rudolph-san, so it turned into a hot topic today?

“Ah~ sorry, Takumi . I leaked that . We had ‘The quality of ingredients doesn’t matter much if you have good skills’ kind of conversation today, you see . There, Iris said ‘One should be able to make great food by using the Kelm Salt’ . Zack then replied with ‘Impossible’ which caused Iris wanting to test cooking with the Kelm Salt . ”

“… Oh, so you knew that I am in possession of it, so you wanted to borrow a little?”

“We wanted to buy, to be precise . ”

Rudolph-san roughly explained how Dunst-san got to know about the rock salt in my hands .

“Oh, did you perhaps overheard their discussion, Dunst-san?”

Dunst-san nodded to my question .

I heard that the rock salt found in Kelm mines——Kelm Salt, is quite popular, but I also heard that it’s mainly the nobility who puts out the demand . I mean, it can fetch quite a good price, after all~

Ah~ but even if expensive, it’s just salt expensive, so even common chefs could get their hands on it, no?

“I would like to see at least once how it affects the taste of food . ”

“… At least once?”

Huh? Isn’t that a tad different from what I was imagining…?

Errr… he wants to see what kind of taste it has, right?

“Sure, I have a desire to make dishes with good ingredients, but my goal is to make dishes that are just as good using common ingredients!”

“Ohh!”

That’s the spirit Dunst-san, so cool!!

“The reason you want to try making a dish with the Kelm Salt is that you can’t aim for that taste without knowing it?”

“Yes, that’s correct . ”

Yep, seems like I was right .

As I thought, it would be difficult to aim for a specific taste unless you know it .

“I will give you a dose of salt if you’d like . No need for payment . ”

“But, that’s…”

“I would love to support your goal, Dunst-san . Oh, I can also provide you with the monster meat I have . ”

Others have advised me against supplying meat of high-ranking monsters, but why don’t I pitch in and help with Dunst-san’s dream!

Err… How about the meat of Evil Viper, Orc General, Armored Buffalo, and Cockatrice?

“Waitwaitwait! Takumi, you better not let those thoughts in your mind out! Listen, don’t say anymore! Also, don’t take the items out!”

“… Eh, so it’s no good?”

“No good at all! Absolutely not!”

Eh~ so providing the ingredients isn’t good, huh~

Rather, Rudolph-san was able to guess what was going through my mind, I see~

“You know, it’s that . The qualities of the salt should be easier to understand by using simpler ingredients!”

Indeed, it’s as you say, Rudolph-san .

I truly couldn’t tell whether the salt made the Cockatrice better when I used it for the sandwiches .

“Ingredients that are easy to obtain, huh…”

“Something that’s eaten all year round like ena grass or maro potato . I can compromise with that . ”

“Maro potato!”

Wouldn’t potato chips be great for this?

Maro potato is a popular ingredient that is inexpensive and available all year round . Moreover, sliced potatoes are simple so the taste of the salt would be easy to understand .

Above all, I want to eat potato chips!

“What? Did you think of a good dish or something?”

Hearing my mutter, Rudolph-san made an expectant expression .

“Yes, I would love to eat fried maro potatoes~”

Somehow, this explanation suggested fried potatoes, but… this is good for now . But, why does this feel like Rudolph-san wants me to cook?

“What do you mean by fried?”

Dunst-san was listening to my conversation with Rudolph-san in silence, but he joined in the conversation as soon as he heard about the cooking method .

“It’s a method of cooking in plenty of heated oil . ”

“So there was such a method? That must use a lot of oil, no?”

“It does . By the way, you can use the same oil several times, but it will start smelling bad if you keep using it for a long time . ”

“I see . ”

Dunst-san listened with a serious expression .

“Dunst-san, are you finished preparing for the evening business? If you have time now, why don’t we try making it together?”

“All preparations are done, so there’s no problem . Let’s do it together by all means!”

That being the case, I decided to make potato chips with Dunst-san .

“”Got away~””

A well-washed peeled potato was sliced thin, washed again and well-dried . When it was finally time to fry, Allen and Elena let out cheerful voices .

“Takumi, what do they mean?”

“Frying could be dangerous, so they made sure to step aside . ”

“Oh, I see . ”

Err… I think it was when I was making Tonaktsu that I told them to step aside a little, so they must have remembered that . Even though they were helping us just a little while ago, they still stepped away from Dunst-san and me .

“Then, let’s get frying . ”

I wanted to show Dunst-san how to do it first and will switch with him halfway .

We proceeded to fry until the plate was heaping . That’s because potato chips are quick to disappear!

“And lastly, the salt . ”

I divided the chips into two heaps to compare the Kelm Salt with normal salt .

“Allen, Elena, please carry this into the dining hall . ”

“”Yess~””

When I asked Allen and Elena to carry the plates with potato chips I further divided, they happily complied .

“Dunst-san, let’s go to the dining hall as well . ”

“Ou, let’s do that . ”

I also carried the plates to the dining hall where Allen, Elena and the Dragon Breath members were already surrounding the potato chips .

I didn’t see Rudolph-san for a while, so when did he get here?

“Takumi, let us eat already!”

“Dunst-san is first——Allen and Elena’s portion is this, so come here . ”

“”Yea!””

When I addressed Allen and Elena, they happily ran over and I reminded them to eat slowly .

“Now then, Dunst-san . Go ahead . By the way, this one is with the Kelm Salt . ”

“Then, I will have a taste . ”

Dunst-san tried each potato chip with a nervous look .

“Are we good now? Dunst already ate, so we can start eating too, right?”

After seeing Dunst-san tasting, Rudolph-san swarmed over the potato chips and began crunching .

“Ohh! I can’t get enough of this crunchy feeling!”

“The hell is this, it’s great!”

“Yum! This is maro potato!?”

“It’s delicious!”

Rudolph-san and others ate while leaking out their impressions, but their vigor was incredible . I am glad I kept Allen and Elena’s share separate .

“… Delicious . It tastes great with the normal salt too, but the Kelm Salt… it’s a different kind of delicious . ”

Meanwhile, Dunst-san quietly muttered his impressions .

“You can taste such a difference?”

“Yeah . ”

I decided to also give it a try .

“Oh, you are right . Eating it like this, the taste is truly easier to understand . ”

“”This is more delish!””

“Yep, that one is with the Kelm Salt . ”

It’s difficult to put into words, but I felt the Kelm Salt was tastier .

To be honest, I did not think the difference would be this large . If this is the case, then the rumor that Kelm Salt can make any food taste better is credible .

“Well~ nonetheless… I can’t stop eating . ”

It has been a while, but as I thought, potato chips are great~

Wouldn’t it be easy to make various flavors of potato chips by using the simple salt series? Ah, I have no Nori salt though! Nori salt and potato chips are inseparable!

N~ I wonder if Stefan-san would find me seaweed if I asked him for it?




Chapter 226

“Say, Takumi . ”

“What is it?”

“Wouldn’t it be possible to enjoy different kinds of flavors by using those salts I got from you?”

Ohh! You have noticed, Rudolph-san!

“I was just thinking about that too . ”

I think the kids would like things like curry salt the most .

“Rudolph-san, what do you mean by salts of different flavors?”

Iris-san was wondering as Rudolph-san and I were talking . She inquired about the salts .

“I got these from Takumi, they are kind of salts with different flavors! You just have to sprinkle some on the vegetable or meat to enjoy different flavors each time!”

“That’s incredible! What kind of flavors are there!?”

“So there was something this useful around!”

“Eh! What’s that! Isn’t that revolutionary!”

When Rudolph-san proudly explained his party about the salts, the three seemed really interested .

“Listen up and be surprised! There’s pepper, curry, garlic, soy sauce, lemoné, minsu, herbs, chili, oren, yuzu, lime, green tea . There are twelve different flavors!”

“””Ohh!”””

Even I forget the flavors of the salts though I was involved in the production, but Rudolph-san seem to have memorized it after hearing them just once . What an incredible memory .

“So it’s fine just to sprinkle it over what you are grilling!”

“That’s perfect for camping, isn’t it!”

“”We can be liberated from Iris’ cooking with this!””

Zack-san and Gilm-san were in perfect sync .

Iris-san’s state started getting strange after her two companions exclaimed such words .

“… Zack, Gilm . ”

She’s angry . Iris-san is undoubtedly furious .

Moreover, I think I heard menacing sound effects .

“”… Au~””

Seeing Iris-san like that, Allen and Elena got scared .

“… Even though I did my best so that we did not have to eat only preserved foods! What do you take a person’s kindness for!!”

“No one asked you to!”

“I’m grateful for your feelings, but no matter how hard you’ve tried, it was not edible~ Moreover, you were wasting ingredients, you know?”

“What did you say!!”

Zack-san, Gilm-san, you don’t have to add fuel to the fire .

“… They started with it again?”

“Rudolph-san, is it fine to not stop them?”

Rudolph-san moved away to escape the argument of the other three, so I took Allen and Elena and moved to a remote table .

“Well… this is the usual business . Zack is the type who always says what’s on his mind, and Gilm is a mature guy, but he doesn’t like wasting things . Iris is, despite her appearances, a stubborn person who takes action the more you tell her not to . ”

“… And so, you are the spectator?”

“I don’t have the energy to stop them . Besides, those three get along well . Think of it as messing around . ”

… That seems more like a quarrel than messing around to me, though?

“I can’t see it . ”

“I thought so . ”

I was worried that they were fighting, but Rudolph-san showed no concern, so I really believed that it must be the usual business .

“Right, Takumi . Do you have an easy way to cook soup outdoors by any chance?”

Rudolph-san suddenly changed the topic . It seems that he’s leaving Iris-san and others totally on their own .

“A soup?”

“Yeah . Grilling exceptional meat will be much easier thanks to the salts you have given me . That being the case, I would like to improve on our soups . ”

“N~?”

A way to make a soup easily, huh~ Although he says that, cooking soup is not that difficult to begin with, no?

You just boil the ingredients and add seasonings, after all .

To make even that easier would be the pour hot water type… like powder, or freeze-dry?

I don’t have tools for powderizing, so freeze-drying should be the way to go . Freeze-drying is freezing and sublimation, right? That could be done with magic then .

“… It does seem possible . ”

“Really!?”

Rudolph-san’s expression brightened when he heard me muttering .

“I don’t really know whether it will work, but I will give it a try before long . ”

“Ou! Thanks!”

A freeze-dried soup will last long, so I can also let the twins carry it on them as emergency rations, so I will try hard .

“But, why do you want to start making soup all of sudden?”

“Those guys get into fights only when talking about food . I thought that their quarreling would decrease as long as the bad food disappears . ”

I see . I thought he was leaving them alone, but Rudolph-san was caring about them in his own way .

Still… it’s amazing how often we talk about food . Well, does that mean that Iris-san’s cooking has that big of destructive power?

“You guys, the kids will come to hate you if you don’t stop it already . ”

“””Eh?”””

Probably because the dining hall was about to open, Rudolph-san decided to stop the three .

Then, Iris-san and the other two looked at the children with strange faces . Allen and Elena were clinging to me .

“They have been completely terrified because of your loud voices . ”

“””Eh!?”””

“Getting disliked by the children means eventually getting disliked by Takumi as well . ”

Well, he’s right . If the children were scared of Iris-san and others, I would make sure to not get close to them too often .

“That would mean no delicious things for you guys anymore . ”

“””Ehh~!!”””

Hearing Rudolph-san’s words, Iris-san, Zack-san, and Gilm-san raised shriek-like voices .

That’s what you are worried about!? What’s important to you are delicious things!?

“… Rudolph-san, you are speaking as if my only value was cooking . ”

“The cooking was just an easy-to-understand analogy, you are a good guy so don’t be bothered about something like that!”

“……”

I couldn’t say anything more to the grinning Rudolph-san .




Chapter 227

I decided to make the freeze-dry soup immediately the next day .

The location is outside the town . This time, we did not leave through the northern gate towards the mountains, but through the eastern gate towards the meadow .

Confirming that there were no people around, I summoned Joule and the gang .

(It’s a meadow today!)

(What are we doing~?)

Joule and Vector were excited right from the start .

(Let’s see~ are we cooking today?)

(N~ maybe moving to another town?)

(I think we are picking herbs today again!)

Feat, Bolt, and Mile were guessing why they were called .

“The work I want to do today is cooking . ”

(Oh my, I was correct then?)

“Yep, you were . ”

Feat who has guessed right looked delighted .

She came closer as if demanding a head pat for guessing right, so I continued talking while stroking her head .

“Could everyone play with Allen and Elena while I am working?”

(I will gladly welcome that! What are we playing?)

(Fufu, leave it to us, Niisama . )

(We need to be vigilant of the surroundings so that no one disturbs Aniue while he’s working . )

(Yay~ let’s play~)

(Allen, Elena, what do you want to play?)

“”… Uniyu~””

Joule and the gang immediately agreed to my request . However, for some reason, Allen and Elena were making gloomy faces .

“What’s the matter, Allen, Elena?”

“”Not helping~””

“I see . So you two were intending to help me?”

“”Yeah!””

“Thank you . ”

First of all, I patted the two’s heads with all of my heart .

“But, I am just experimenting today, so why don’t you play with everyone?”

“”Okay~””

This time, the children smiled whole-heartedly .

(What are we playing then?)

“”N? Picking?””

“……”

When Joule asked for the children’s opinion, the two gave a reply that could be said to be very like them .

“… Allen, Elena, picking herbs is originally a work, you know? Is there anything else you’d like to do?”

“”… Dunno?””

“Is there really nothing at all? Try thinking about it a little more . ”

“”… Hmm~?””

When I told them to think about it again, the two thought very hard with their heads tilted, but they couldn’t come up with anything .

“Then, how about this?”

I took out Bubble Archelon’s bubble——a soapy balloon the size of a football and threw it towards them .

“”Oh! It’s a bubble!””

Allen and Elena seemed to remember the soapy balloon as their eyes sparkled .

The soapy balloon immediately went back and forth between Allen and Elena . It seems that they like it .

(What’s that~?)

“Turtle . ”

“Bubble!”

(Turtle? Bubble?)

Vector showed interest in the soapy balloon and poked the balloon Allen caught with his nose .

“It’s a bubble from Bubble Archelon . They release these when they run away . ”

(Eh!?)

After hearing the true identity of the soapy balloon, Joule was the first one to raise his voice in surprise .

(Bubble Archelon’s bubbles pop when you touch them, right!?)

(Yeah~ they aren’t this elastic at the very least . )

(I have never encountered a Bubble Archelon myself . So this is its foam, huh~)

(Oh~ it’s bouncy bounce!)

Joule, Feat, Bolt, and Mile touched the balloon one after another .

“It shouldn’t break so easily, so why don’t you all play by kicking it?”

(That sounds somewhat fun~)

(Let’s do it, let’s do it!)

The children immediately scattered and Allen started by kicking the balloon .

“There!”

The soapy balloon floated towards Vector .

(Alright~ here I go~)

Continuing, Vector hit the floating soapy balloon with his forelegs .

“”Ah!””

(Vector, you have to hit it before you, not under you~)

(Leave it to me please . )

Because he hit it with all of his might, the balloon bounced against the ground and flew high up in the sky .

(Elena, here it comes~)

Bolt changed the trajectory of the floating balloon towards Elena .

(Elena, over here, over here~!)

“Okay, here goes~”

Elena kicked the balloon skillfully towards Joule .

(Good job, Elena! Feat, here I go!)

(Okay . I am sending it to you next, Mile . )

(Oh, right… fugiya!)

The balloon floated smoothly towards Mile, but she somehow got crushed under it .

Everyone rushed toward her in panic .

“Mile, are you okay?”

“”Is fine~?””

(Ugh~… I am fine~)

Mile is very little, so this kind of play might be too difficult for her?

(This game seems unsuitable for me~ I’m going to stay by Takumi Nii’s side, so you guys continue playing!)

The children cared about Mile and wanted to change the game, but she persuaded them that she will stay with me, so the game resumed with two children and four animals this time .




Chapter 228 

When the kids got engrossed in playing again, I decided to start working on the soup .

(Takumi Nii, what are you making today?)

“I’m going to make soup today . ”

(Soup! What kind of soup?)

“About that . I have not decided yet~”

Miso soup, consommé, cream, tomato, curry… a variety of soup bases come to my mind . In addition, taking the combination of ingredients into consideration, I can think of quite a lot of different kinds of soups .

“N~ is consommé soup the most familiar to the people of this world?”

Consommé can be made with beef, chicken and fish too, but let’s do it with chicken this time!

(Consommé soup! I like it with eggs!)

“Eggs, huh . Yep, alright . Let’s make that first then . ”

(Yay!)

Now that the kind of soup has been decided, I got to work on it immediately .

First, I cleaned the Treasure Bird bones I set aside and put them in a large pot . I poured in plenty of water, added spring onions, carrots, and soy sauce and put it on fire . Ah, let’s put in a little bit of cold sake .

After that, simmer over low heat while skimming off the scum . Of course, I intend to save time with magic, but it will still take some time .

(That’s a lot!)

“Everyone will eat it for lunch, right?”

(Of course, we will!)

I planned on making enough soup for lunch too, and while that’s cooking, I’m going to make lunch so I took jam, custard cream, and syrup from my inventory stock .

“As for lunch… let’s make a French toast we did not have for quite a while~”

(French toast! So happy!)

I prepared honey, fruits, jam, chocolate sauce, ice cream, etc . so that everyone can choose whatever topping they like!

“Anyhow, let’s make more jams first . ”

(I want to eat Riigo fruit jam!)

“Roger that! In addition to Riigo fruit, let’s do Ranka, Oren, Ichi… let’s also make Riko fruit jam~ Mile, is there any other flavor you would like to eat?”

(Err, umm… Ron fruit would be nice!)

“Okay, Ron fruit is good . Even better yet, shouldn’t we make every fruit I have into a jam?”

(Agreed!)

There was no need to narrow the jams down to several types, so I decided to make all the fruit I have on me into jams .

(We made a lot!)

“Haha, lining them up like this is quite a sight to behold~ Thank you for helping me, Mile . ”

When we lined up the colorful bottled jams next to each other, it became a spectacular sight . This was also thanks to Mile who did her best to help with her little body~

(I’m glad to be of help! Takumi Nii, is the soup done yet?)

“N? Looks to be about done . ”

“All right, it’s done . ”

(Looks yummy!)

“Thanks . Why don’t you give it a taste, Mile?”

(You sure!?)

“You have helped me a lot, after all . Keep it a secret from everyone, though . ”

(Okay!)

When I scooped the soup into a little plate for Mile, she happily drank it .

(It’s very delicious!)

“Really? I’m glad to hear that . ”

Yep, there’s no problem with the taste .

“Well then, this is where the real challenge begins . ——Freeze . ”

I took a cup of soup and used magic to freeze it .

(You froze it?)

“Indeed . And also, this——Dry . ”

This time, I dried the frozen soup by magic . Erm, it’s better to do this operation in a vacuum, isn’t it?

(It shriveled!)

“The amount of water has reduced . N~ Is this fine, I wonder?”

(Is it done?)

“… I think so?”

(You think so?)

“Right . I mean, this is my first time, after all . ”

I pinched the soup which has shrunk between my fingers and checked its condition .

“It looks fine as far as I can see . Well, we will know once we pour hot water on it . ”

I put the freshly freeze-dried soup into a cup and poured hot water on it .

(You are pouring hot water on it?)

“Correct . You carry it around in that dry state and pour hot water on it like this when you want to eat it . ”

I stirred it well with a spoon and it returned to what looked like a normal soup .

(It turned back into a soup!)

“Yeah, it seems to be fine . ”

When I tried it, it tasted a little too salty . However, it won’t be a problem when the amount of hot water is adjusted .

(Takumi Nii, did you just make easy-to-carry soup?)

“Yep, that’s right . ”

(That’s incredible!)

“Is that so? Thank you . ”

It came out well, so I started to mass-produce this freeze-dried egg soup .

“”Onii~ chan . ””

When I was done with the mass-production, the children ran over .

(Oniichan, I’m hungry~)

(Niichan, feed me!)

They apparently came because they got hungry .

“Shall we have lunch then?”

(Everyone, there are French toasts for lunch!)

“”((((Yay~!))))””

I let everyone choose their favorite toppings .

“”Is done~!””

(The combination of Nana fruit, chocolate ice cream and chocolate sauce Allen made looks very tasty~)

(Elena’s Ichi fruit one looks delicious . )

“”Ehehe~””

“Feat’s looks yummy too!”

“Bolt’s too!”

(Oh my, thank you . )

(Thank you very much . )

Allen, Elena, Feat, and Bolt each picked their favorite fruits, jams, and ice creams .

(I’d like Ichi and Riigo . Also, milk and chocolate ice creams . Oh~ It’s difficult to leave the nuts ice cream behind! Ron fruit jam would be nice too~!)

(I want all!)

(I would like Riigo jam!)

Joule and Vector chose several kinds of toppings, while Mile picked only one type of jam, Riigo jam . There are these kinds of personalities too~

(It was a failure . It was yummy, but the flavors got mixed~)

(Because you are greedy!)

Everyone ate happily, but Joule alone was regretting his choice and did not escape Mile’s admonishing .

(It’s good even when mixed, though?)

The sight of Vector, who chose even more types of toppings than Joule, eating in a trance was something to behold .




Chapter 229

After eating lunch and resting for a little, I told the children to go and play again .

I am also done with the freeze-dry soup, so I joined them this time .

“Now then, what should we do?”

“”Umm, you see~… picking!””

They seemed to have enjoyed themselves thoroughly with the soapy balloon in the morning, so when I checked with the children if they want to do something different, they pushed for picking herbs again .

“Well, although it may be sort of work, anything goes as long it’s fun, huh . ”

“”Yeahh~””

“If it’s picking herbs, then the mountain plants would be better, so why don’t we over there? Joule, Feat, can we ask for a ride?”

(Sure thing~)

(No problem . )

I got on Joule after placing Allen and Elena on Feat’s back, so we could get to the mountainside as soon as possible .

(Oniichan, would this place be all right?)

“Indeed . Thank you, Joule, Feat . ”

(This much is nothing . )

(Fufu . That’s right, you are welcome as always . )

When I got off Joule and patted his head, Feat nudged closer so I patted her too .

“Well then, why don’t we start climbing from here while collecting herbs?”

“”Okay!””

(Alright, Allen, Elena! Let’s find tons of herbs~)

“”Ohh~!””

First, Joule took Allen and Elena along as they broke into a run .

(Should I stand on the watch? Or should Vector do it?)

(I will do it! Leave the monsters to me! I’m off!)

Next, Bolt and Vector decided who will stay on the watch for the surroundings .

However, Vector excitedly suggested himself, and promptly ran away .

(He went hunting on his own!)

(It would be nice if he minded his surroundings a little more around here, right~)

(How about I deal with monsters that Vector by a chance doesn’t notice if they get too close?)

(Yeah~ I wonder if he will bring back something nice?)

(That’s right! I will be expecting delicious meat or something like nice pelts!)

Feat, Bolt, and Mile were looking at Vector’s actions with exhaustion .

“Then, what will you do, Feat, Bolt, Mile?”

(N~ I wonder about that~? Are you going to look for herbs, Niisama?)

“Yep, I have that intention . Slowly, though . Well, not only herbs, I will look for some wild ingredients too . ”

(Then, I will stick with you, Niisama . Is that alright?)

(Me too! I will search together with Takumi Nii!)

(Aniue, can I tag along as well?)

“Of course . Shall we go then?”

Feat, Bolt, Mile and I departed slowly .

(Still, this mountain is so close to the town yet there are no signs of people . )

“True . I wonder if everyone went into the tunnels instead?”

(Then it’s thanks to these tunnels that we can travel with Aniue like this!)

“Hahaha~ that would be true . But because of that, there seems to be a shortage of mountain herbs . ”

(We should do our best to search then!)

“For now, yes . Well, this is definitely convenient for us, so we should gratefully enjoy this time . ”

We walked slowly while chatting, and collected large amounts of tengu grass, flame grass, and some moon poems and charming flowers .

“Oh, this is…”

(Oh my, Niisama, you’ve found something rare . )

(Feat, isn’t this flame grass?)

(It’s similar, but it’s not! This is blaze grass!) Mile

Blaze grass is a high-end version of flame grass, and their appearances are nearly the same, but the blaze grass is just a little bit darker in color . And, it’s very rare .

“That’s quite unusual for Allen and Elena who walked through here first to miss it~”

(W, we thought we were walking on the same path, but they did not take a different path, did they!?)

(That’s serious! Did they get lost!?)

Hearing my words, Bolt and Mile started restlessly looking around for any signs of Allen and Elena .

(Calm down, Bolt, Mile . Everything’s fine, they couldn’t get that far . )

(Ah, that’s right . You can find them by scent, no? Rather, I just could look from the sky, hehe~)

(That’s right! Joule is with the twins anyway, so there wouldn’t be a problem!)

“Indeed . There’s no need to panic . ”

Even if we don’t see each other, Joule and Feat can follow the scent . Besides, Allen and Elena are wearing Tracking Rings, so their location should be displayed on the map window screen .

“”Onii~ chan!””

“Oh? Speak of the devil . ”

(Oh my, truly . )

I saw the kids running towards us at full speed .

“Welcome back . How far have you been?”

As soon as they came back, they jumped at me, so I caught them in my embrace and patted their heads .

“”You see, you see~ that way is~””

“A lake with . ”

“Smoking coming out . ”

“A smoke coming from… a lake? N?”

I couldn’t grasp the meaning behind the children’s words, so I turned to Joule who was with them .

(Err, that was steam . A body of hot water!)

“A steaming lake? So, there are mines here… is it perhaps hot spring?”

“”Hot spring?””

“A big bathtub, basically . ”

“”That!””

(That’s it!)

“Heeh~ so you saw that . Could you guide us there?”

“”(Yeah!)””

I am curious whether what the kids found was really a shot spring, so I decided to have them show me the way .

“”There it is~””

(Oniichan, it’s over there . There!)

“Oh, that place, huh!”

I could see steam rising up from the direction Allen, Elena and Joule were pointing at .

“… That’s quite a lot of steam . ”

There was a considerable amount of steam gushing out of the hot spring (temporary) as the entire area was covered in white smoke .

“But, it does not smell of anything, huh~”

(Smell?)

“Yeah . When it comes to hot springs, they smell of sulfur… they have a unique scent to them, but I can’t smell it here . ”

(It smells?)

“Ah~ it might be too harsh on Joule, Feat, and Vector’s noses . ”

(!! That I don’t like! Oniichan, let’s not go there!)

Hearing that it smells, Joule was immediately against going to the hot springs (temporary) .

“I don’t smell anything at this point, so it should be fine . Well, if you smell anything unpleasant at any point, we will turn around, how about that?”

(… If that’s the case then…)

“Then, let me know immediately if you smell anything bad, Joule . ”

(Got it . )

“Feat and Vecto… ah! Vector’s not here!”

Joule and reluctant but somehow convinced, so I thought of approaching the hot spring (temporary) . That moment, I noticed that we were missing Vector .

(My, oh my, Vector is still out there hunting, isn’t he?)

(I have totally forgotten about him too~)

(We were careless!)

It apparently wasn’t only me, everyone forgot about him .

But, Vector will be able to find us by scent, so we decided to go straight to the hot spring (temporary . )




Chapter 230

I couldn’t tell the exact size of the hot spring, which we have arrived to, because of the steam, but I could tell it was quite big . Moreover, there was no smell at all .

“The state of the water is crucial…”

I decided to investigate the water using Appraisal immediately .

(Niisama, how is it?)

“There don’t seem to be any harmful components . ”

There was no problem with the quality of the water and the temperature seemed to be slightly higher than the human temperature . Appraisal won’t tell me any effects it might have, but if there are no problems——

“I can only test this by going in . ”

“”Bath~!””

Undressing outside the town in the place where monsters could appear at any moment might leave us too defenseless, however, I judged that there won’t be any problems with Joule and others here, so I decided to use the hot spring .

“Fuwaah~”

“”Fuwaah~””

In the exquisite water temperature, I leaked a voice of satisfaction, naturally followed by Allen and Elena .

(Warm water feels very nice, doesn’t it~?)

(Truly~ it’s very calming~)

(This is comfortable~)

(It’s my first time feeling something like this~)

Joule, Feat, Bolt, and Mile were also soaking in the hot spring comfortably .

(Everyone, so you were here!)

While relaxing in the hot spring, Vector was stampeding full speed over .

(Niichan, you are cruel! You left me behind! Moreover, you are all relaxing like at home!!)

“Sorry, sorry . Your sense of smell is brilliant, so I believed you would be able to follow our scent to find us . ”

(Y, you won’t deceive me by saying that!)

Vector was worked up at first, but when I explained to him, he suddenly turned away bashfully .

(Vector, you can’t blame Niisama . Helping Niisama go where he wants to go, that is our duty . )

(That’s true, but still~~~)

(If you want to blame someone than blame us for not signaling you . )

(Sorry, Vector~ We will call for you properly the next time~)

(Pardon us . We will be careful next time . )

(Sorry . )

Feat covered for me and Joule, Bolt, and Mile apologized in turns .

(However, Vector! First of all, if your duty is to make sure that no monsters approach Niisama and the children then you can’t just not know their location properly! You won’t tell me that… you have become too absorbed in hunting, right?)

Feat changed her apologetic tone and began lecturing Vector instead .

(That’s a bad habit of yours, Vector . You ought to correct that! In the first place, you…)

“… Garu~n . ”

Vector hung his head dejectedly, but Feat’s lecturing didn’t end .

“Thank you, Feat . But, I was at fault too, so let’s stop here . ”

(Gee~ You are too lenient, Niisama~——Vector, I will leave it here today because of Niisama, but let’s act after thinking a little beforehand the next time, okay?)

(Yess~ I will be carefuu~l)

When I spoke to Feat, she reluctantly stopped the lecturing .

“Vector, come here~”

“Vector, it feels good~”

After we chose to end the matter there, Allen and Elena addressed Vector .

(N? Now that I think about it, what are you guys doing? You are naked and all?)

“We are taking a bath . This water is warm . You may not like getting wet, but this is different from normal water, so try coming in . ”

(N~ okay . I’m going in . )

Vector entered the hot spring .

“How is it?”

(Yep, it feels nice . It’s okay, unlike normal water!)

“I see, I’m glad to hear that . ”

Vector seemed to be fine with the hot water, so we enjoyed the hot spring for a while .

“Well then, it’s about time we get out . Any more than this could make us feel dizzy . ”

“”Okaay~””

I dried our bodies with Dry magic and we quickly wore our clothes .

“First of all, we have to hydrate . It can only be that after getting out of a bath, right?”

I retrieved a juicer from the Infinite Storage, put in several kinds of fruits, added in Mou milk, and a small dose of honey, and turned on the juicer .

“”Onii~ chan, what’s that~?””

“This? This is fruit gyu… or not, this is fruit milk . ——Look, it’s done . ”

When I gave everyone the freshly finished cold fruit milk, they all started drinking it right away .

“”N~~~””

(((((Delicious~)))))

The children drank it all in no time .

“”(((((Seconds~!)))))””

“Hahaha~ I’m glad you like it . I don’t mind making another round, are you fine with the same flavor?”

“”(((((!?)))))””

(O, Oniichan, this fruit milk can be made with different flavors?)

“It can~ what you had now was a mix of Margo and Ranka fruit . You can change the blend of fruit as you like… you can also make one type of fruit milks like Ichi milk or Nana milk . ”

When they heard my explanation, the kids huddled up and started discussing in low voices .

“”((((Ichi!))))””

(Flavor please, Niisama . )

It seems that they have decided on the Ichi fruit flavor .

When I quickly blended Ichi milk for them, the children drank it all right away again .

“”Delish!””

(((((Delicious!)))))

“”(((((Seco…)))))””

“Ah, you can’t get another one . ”

“”(((((Ehh~~~))))””

I beat the kids to the punch when they tried to ask for another serving .

Their stomach might be in pain after drinking three glasses of cold milk in a row, after all .

“Overdrinking is also not good for your health, so next time . ”

“”Ehh~~~””

(How regretful~ I wanted to dry Nana milk too~)

(Indeed . I also wanted to try it~)

(True . Me too . )

(I want to drink iiiit~ Niichan, just one more should be fine, right!)

(Endure . It’s unfortunate, but endure . )

After soothing the unwilling children, I decided to head back .

“Now, let’s go back before it gets dark . ”

“”Oh! Flowers~!!””

“N? It’s true . ”

When we tried to leave, we found flowers blooming on the edge of the hot spring . I couldn’t see them before because of the steam, but they were now visible thanks to the change in the direction of the wind . What the twins found was a Steam flower . A flower that grows near warm water, it’s a medicinal flower that is effective against cold .

“”Will go pick~””

Allen and Elena quickly rushed over to pick the Steam flower .

I followed after the two, Joule and others also chased after .

“”Got lots~””

“Indeed . This many should be sufficient . ”

“”Ah, this too~””

Allen and Elena searched their pouches as if recalled something and took out many herbs .

They were what they collected before finding the hot spring .

“Tengu grass and flame grass . Oh, isn’t this kiwi! That’s incredible . You’ve worked hard~”

“”Ehehe~””

After praising Allen and Elena lots, we headed back to the town .




Chapter 231

When we returned to the inn, the sun was already about to set .

“Takumi-san, welcome back . ”

When we entered the inn, Dunst-san’s wife, Sarah, welcomed us .

“We are back . Err… things seem to be busy over here . ”

“Oh my, have you perhaps not eaten yet?”

“Yes, that is correct . ”

I was going to have dinner at the inn, but the dining hall was already crowded . A big percentage seemed to be eating pizza, so it looks like pizza was a great success for the customers .

“”Will eat pizza~!””

“Pizza, huh? But there seem to be no seats available . ”

“I can bring it to your room too . ”

The children say they want to eat pizza, but it’s likely going to take some time . So when I was about to give up on the inn food and troubled where to go to eat, Sarah-san gave another option .

“Is that okay? Then, we will take two servings of pizza and two servings of salad please . ”

“”Salad, don’t need~””

“You have to eat your vegetables . Would you like stir-fried veggies more?”

“”…… Salad . ””

“Fufu, I will have it prepared immediately . ”

We entered the room we were renting, I let the kids wash their hands, and the food arrived immediately after I organized our luggage .

“It’s not like you guys dislike veggies or anything, right? Do you not feel like eating vegetables today?”

“”The veggies here have no taste~””

Allen and Elena have no particular dislikes when it comes to food, so when I asked why they don’t want to eat the veggies, I found out that the cause was their taste .

The inn’s salad and stir-fried vegetables are fundamentally simple and seasoned with just salt . We occasionally have the inn cuisine and I enjoyed the simple flavors, but the children apparently didn’t like it .

“So that’s the reason . Then, would you like it with mayonnaise?”

“”Yeah! Like!””

I don’t think this would be a good move in a public place like the dining hall, but there’s only us in the room, so when I took the mayo out of the Infinite Storage, Allen and Elena’s opinion clearly changed .

That reminds me, mayonnaise has been popularized a little by little, but because it can’t be stored for a long time, I don’t see stores using it too much .

Oh, speaking of salads, I’d like to get some dressings soon~

“… Should I make it?”

“What . ”

“Making~?”

“N? A dressing… erm, I was thinking that I’d like some salad sauce . ”

“”Ohh~ let’s make!””

“Next time . ”

“”Okay!””

Once we finished eating, I visited Rudolph-san’s room, to show him the soup he could make easily .

“Rudolph-san, are you free right now?”

“Takumi? What’s up?”

“I completed the soup you were asking about . ”

“What!? Are you for real!!”

I was invited to Rudolph-san’s room, and I showed him how to make the freeze-dried soup .

“All you need is a cup and hot water . ”

“Just hot water?”

“Yes, first you will put one of these in the cup . ”

“What’s that, Takumi?”

“It’s soup . Rudolph-san, try pouring hot water in and stirring a little . ”

I thought it would be better for Rudolph-san to actually do the work, so I gave him the freeze-dried soup, and had him pour hot water into the cup, which he did with a half-doubting expression .

“N? Nn!?”

As he stirred it with a spoon, Rudolph-san’s expression gradually turned into one of a surprise as he began to see the eggs, which were part of the ingredients of the soup .

“This is unreal . It really turned into a soup!”

“Try tasting it, Rudolph-san . ”

“Yeah…——Tasty! What is this thing!?”

Finally, when I had him taste it, he opened his eyes wide as he shouted in surprise .

The taste apparently received with passing grades .

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan . ””

“N? What is it?”

“Allen, never drank this~!”

“Elena never drank this either, you know?”

“Nono, you’ve had the fresh soup for lunch today, did you not?”

“”Ehh~ we never stirred, you know~?””

Allen and Elena said they want to drink the freeze-dried cube they can turn into soup with hot water .

Did it look interesting to them when the cube turned into soup in no time?

“You just ate, so let’s leave it for the next time when we eat outside . ”

“”Can’t now?””

“You can’t . Be patient . ”

“”Okay~””

When I said no, the kids were clearly unwilling but obediently left the matter alone .

They have endured their curiosity, so I can’t forget to let them make a freeze-dried soup the next time we eat outside the town .

“And so, how is it, Rudolph-san? You can make this wherever you go, right? I haven’t tried how long the soup can be preserved for, but it’s dried well, so I believe it will last a long time . ”

“… You beat me . This is far more than I expected . ”

Rudolph-san’s expression seemed to be quite perplexed .

His expressions are changing constantly~

“… You can’t spread this around carelessly . ”

“Eh?”

“Portable food that is too good to be true will have an impact on the military . ”

“… Eh?”

Mi, military? Speaking of the military, he means war-use or something like that, right? Really?

“… You are kidding, right?”

“I’m far from joking . With this soup, the soldiers will have good meals even during long marches, and their baggage will decrease, right? I don’t want to say bad things, but it would be best to shelve this idea . Well, it would be fine to make it for yourselves when there are no people around . As for the rest… you could use it if you wanted to sell yourself to a country . ”

Rudolph-san warned me with a serious look .

I never thought that a soup that is easy to carry and make could be this precious .

“It’s so easy to use, so as an adventurer, I really wanted to use it~ N~… if a bellwether that doesn’t support wars spread it all around the country, would the power relationship of the country remain the same?”

“Err… I don’t know much about the history and other country’s royalty, but are wars common?”

“N? The current leaders are virtuous, so there’s not much to worry about . But, there are several ambitious people standing in the way of the king every generation, so there’s some history . As for a close past… the former King of the Belfard Empire was apparently quite an ambitious person who tried to spread his territory by waging wars at every opportunity . Well, that happened before I was born, though . ”

Two generations ago, huh~ I am really glad that it’s a peaceful era now .

“Takumi, do you have a way to get in touch with the upper echelons of some country?”

“Eh?”

“In order to spread the soup in a large scale, we need to consider a strong company . ”

“… Rudolph-san, didn’t you advise me to shelve it?”

“That thing is too good to shelve it . That being the case, we ought to think of a way of distributing it rapidly . So, how about it?”

“Err… I can get in contact with a Count’s household . ”

“Ohh! A Count is more than enough! Takumi, contact them right away!”

As expected, I can’t say that I am an acquaintance of the Guardia’s ruler, but when I said I can get in contact with the Risner and Ruven families, that are our guardians, Rudolph-san was full of expectations .

I told him that I will consult with them and decided to keep the freeze-dried soup shelved for the time being .

It may become troublesome, but I think I will consult with Matthias-san before I promise anything .




Chapter 232

The next day, we immediately sent a letter to Matthias-san and were invited to the mines by Morgan-san, then we did some herb picking and enjoyed the hot spring with Joule and gang, and spent the entire day leisurely .

“”She was delighted~””

“True . It’s thanks to you both working so hard at finding the herbs . ”

We went picking herbs in the mountains today as well, and returned to the inn after selling them at the Adventurer’s Guild .

“Ta, Takumi!”

When we entered the inn, Rudolph-san who noticed that we returned quickly rushed over in a panic .

“What’s the matter, Rudolph-san?”

“Did you do something!?”

“Pardon?”

“Takumi, I thought you were being obedient these few days, but did you do something behind my back!?”

“Eh? I didn’t do anything, though?”

I was falsely accused .

These are false accusations… right? I did not do anything bad these past few days, right? We just played normally and completed a few requests, no?

“There are Knights here! Moreover, not only a feudal lord’s knight but the country’s knight too! Moreover, it’s a set of a Royal Guard and Dragon Knight, ya know!”

“Royal Guard and Dragon Knight… is it?”

“That’s right! And so, what did you do!!”

“Nono, I’m telling you I didn’t do anything… probably . ”

Still… what did the Royal Guard and Dragon Knight come here for?

“Takumi-dono, how have you been?”

“Long time no see, Takumi-dono . ”

“Isn’t that Kevin-sama and Quigg-san (LN)!”

The Royal Guard was Kevin-sama whom I went to the Huge Animals Dungeon and Quigg-san who was dispatched from the country of Argo .

“Addressing Quigg with -san while calling me -sama makes me feel so distanced~”

“Then, Kevin-san, no need to address me with honorifics either . Quigg-san too . ”

“It’s fine to not address me with honorifics too, but… well, why don’t we compromise, Takumi . ”

“I will call you Takumi-san then . ”

“Well, please do that in the future . I can’t calm down when called stuff like -sama or -dono, so I’m glad you brought up the topic, Kevin-san .

If the way we call each other isn’t fixed soon, there’s a little chance to correct it afterward, after all . I will do it properly from now on during the first meetings .

“Nevertheless, why did you come to the town of Kelm?”

The two are wearing their uniforms too, is it for work?

“Why, you ask, isn’t it because you called?”

“Yes? I called?”

“Yeah, you asked the Feudal Lord’s mansion for instructions, didn’t you?”

“Eh!?”

“First of all, it’s the matter of the letter you sent to Count Ruven . You know what I am talking about?”

“Letter… is it about the soup?”

“There are all kinds of things that should be taken care of, but you can explain that at the Feudal Lord’s mansion . ”

“Eh? Wait a moment, please . Who did come to the Feudal Lord’s mansion?”

I mean, there’s someone the Royal Guard and the Dragon Knight must have accompanied here, right?

I just have a hunch that a big shot is here!

“N? It will be only fun after you meet them . ”

“Nono, I need to prepare my heart, so please tell me now!”

“We were ordered to bring you without telling you, so we can’t tell you~”

“Ehh~~~”

There are only a few candidates that come to mind . Rather, I can only think of royalty . It’s just I can’t say who did they chose to send .

Looking at Kevin-san’s amused expression, he appears to have been strictly ordered to not tell me .

“Allen-san, Elena-san, long time no see . Do you still remember me?”

“”Yea! Remember~!””

“Is that so? Thank you very much . Were you well?”

“”Yeah! Is Charo doing well~?””

“Yes, he’s doing well . He’s eager to see you again . ”

“Allen wants to see him too!”

“Elena too~!”

While I was getting an explanation from Kevin-san, Allen and Elena were having fun talking with Quigg-san .

“Considering the number of days it took you to come here, and you are with Quigg-san, you must have come on a wyvern?”

“Yes, that’s correct . ”

“It’s not only Charo then?”

“They are part of the guards after all, they don’t move alone . ”

“… I can’t believe I didn’t notice wyverns flying over . ”

I wonder if it was too peaceful lately as I wasn’t paying attention to the surroundings and missed several wyverns flying over the town .

“It’s understandable that you didn’t notice . We entered the town in the shade of the night, after all . ”

“… Why do that?”

“Wasn’t that to surprise you?”

“Nonono, don’t do something so dangerous just because of that . ”

Flying in the dark and landing in the town must be absolutely dangerous, right!?

“It was only us who entered the town in the shade of the night, the Dragon Knights, who can control the wyverns . ”

“Huh?”

“The person of your concern and the guards, including Kevin, entered carriages near the town, so you don’t have to worry . ”

“You went out of your way to do something like that?”

Seriously, truly, why do you do something like this!?

“Anyhow, we were ordered to bring you to the Feudal Lord’s mansion, so pack up your bags and follow us . ”

“We don’t have any things in the room, so we are ready to leave, but… you mean we won’t be returning here?”

“I’m sure there’s a room prepared for you guys . ”

“… Got it . Anyhow, I will just explain . ”

I don’t seem to have the option to refuse . Well, I also have no reason to refuse, so I decided to give a brief explanation to the doubting Rudolph-san first .

“… They were your acquaintances, it seems . ”

“Yes . I was called to the Feudal Lord’s mansion, so we will be leaving now . There seem to be many things to talk about, but one of them is about the soup, so I will do my best to make it available for sale . ”

“Yes, do your best . ”

“Also, they apparently prepared a room for us over there, so we won’t be returning tonight . I don’t know what will happen after… Dunst-san, this is a bit sudden, but I’d like to cancel the room . ”

“Got it . ”

Because I don’t know how many days I will be staying there, I decided to cancel the room at the White Cat’s for now . That being said, the amount I paid in advance should be enough, so I just conveyed that we are leaving .

“Takumi, we will be leaving the town the day after tomorrow . ”

“Eh!? Is that so?”

“Yeah . To be honest, I was worried about leaving you here alone . But, hearing that there are people to hold your reins, I can feel at ease . ”

“Ehhh~”

Rudolph-san said with a serious look .

I’m aware that we have been in his care, but for him to hesitate to leave because of us…

“Hahaha~”

There, Kevin-san laughed out loud .

Quigg-san was also chuckling to himself .

“You seem like someone who would do something to be guilty of right away, Takumi . ”

“I also have an idea . ”

“Quigg too?”

“Yeah, the first time he met my wyvern, he was affectionate to him like his own child, which scared me out of my wits~

“… Takumi, you did something like that?”

“That’s not something to be guilty of, okay!”

For some reason, Kevin-san, Quigg-san, Rudolph-san, and Dunst-san were in agreement as they spoke about our encounters .

From my point of view, it felt like I was being exposed to my failures . However, they didn’t stop even after I tried to stop them, so I was quite a bit embarrassed .




Chapter 233

Thinking that we couldn’t see him off, we said goodbye to Rudolph-san and were brought by Kevin-san and Quigg-san to the Feudal Lord’s mansion .

When we were directed to the lounge, I saw a middle-aged man, who I think might be the Feudal Lord, talking to Austin-sama .

“Takumi-dono, long time no see!”

“… So it was Austin-sama . It’s been a while . Oh, it would be helpful if you called me without honorifics . ”

When Austin-sama saw us, he shook my head with a refreshing smile .

“Well then, Takumi . I’m glad you seem to be in good health . Allen, Elena, were you doing well?”

“”Yeah, doing well~””

“Is that so?”

Austin-sama patted the heads of Allen and Elena who stood on my sides .

“Marquis Stanval, this is Takumi . They are his younger siblings Allen and Elena . ——Takumi, this is Kelm’s Feudal Lord, Marquis Marcus Stanval . ”

“Marquis Stanval? Eh? Umm, Lilika-sama’s?”

“”Lilika-sama!””

The Feudal Lord smiled gently in confirmation .

It appears that the Feudal Lord of Kelm is Lilika-sama’s father .

“N? Marquis Stanval, are you already acquintanced with Takumi?”

“No, this is my first time meeting with Takumi-dono . We have been given a Pastel Rabbit by Takumi-dono before, though . ”

“Oh, a Pastel Rabbit! My Mother and Wife also got one each, they both love them to death . ”

“My daughter also loves it so much she brings it everywhere . ”

It looks like the Pastel Rabbits are being loved as they should .

“”Is Fleur well~?””

“Yes, Fleur is doing well . Once again, Takumi-dono, it’s my honor to meet you . I’m truly grateful that you fulfilled my daughter’s wish . ”

“Nono, I was searching for potential owners, so I was really helped . ”

“But, later on, my daughter asked of you something selfish, right? Sorry about that . ”

“Erm, is it about her cousin wanting a Pastel Rabbit too? If that’s the case then you don’t have to worry as it was an official request . ”

I had a condition that we would search the forest only once and she would not ask for it anymore if we didn’t find any, plus we were properly rewarded for finding the Pastel Rabbit .

“Moreover, you have provided her with dessert recipes at a tea party, right?”

“Ah, yes, I handed them to everyone who participated at the tea party . ”

“Oh my? Was that so? Our chefs recreated the recipes and I had some too, all of them were phenomenal . ”

“I’m glad to hear that . ”

If I’m not mistaken, that time… I handed out recipes for the pound cakes, cookies, and ice cream .

“It’s unfortunate I wasn’t able to participate at the luncheon that day . I couldn’t help but feel frustrated~ Those who participated were praising something called curry and rice very highly, so I found it regrettable~”

“Huh? The Fiji Company is already selling curry powder and I also taught everyone how to cook curry… was it not conveyed to you, Marquis Stanval?”

“What!? Is that the truth?”

It seems he wasn’t informed .

“Come to think of it, I have never eaten this thing called curry too~ Takumi, could it be made in time for dinner?”

“Yes, I think it will be fine . Err, the recipe… oh, here it is . ”

I prepared a lot of papers with recipes on them for the tea party and luncheon, so I still have a few sheets left . I took it out from my Infinite Storage and placed it on the table .

“This is the recipe for curry . Err, do you need curry powder?”

“Oh my, you won’t be making it yourself, Takumi?”

“Eh!? Nonono! There’s no way I can simply enter the kitchen of the house I have visited for the first time, right!?”

“There’s no problem to do that here . ”

Nono, there’s a big problem, right!?

“T, that reminds me, you have not told me the reason you have came to Kelm yet, Austin-sama! What’s the matter?”

I forcibly changed the subject .

“Takumi went out and he was brought here right after returning . It can’t be helped, so let’s leave it at that today . However, I will be asking you tomorrow . ”

“Eh, tomorrow!?”

“Yes, please!”

Austin-sama smiled wholeheartedly . His expression told me that he won’t back down more .

Should I prepare myself for the worst then?

“Well then, let’s get down the business . ”

“I will be excusing myself then . ”

“Yes, sorry about that . ”

When I sighed, Austin-sama acknowledged my doubts and will speak to me about the matter now . And, when it was time for us to talk, Marquis Stanval promptly left the room .

“Now then, I think you know the reason I came here, but it’s about the soup you have informed Count Ruven of . That is something incredible . Enough to change the way of life . You knew that though, that’s why you contacted Count Ruven, right?”

There seem to be several topics to talk about, but the soup comes first .

“Err… rather than me, it was an advice of a senior adventurer . As for me, I wanted to keep it away . ”

“Is that so? Then, that adventurer made the right judgment . It would be too wasteful to keep something like that hidden . ”

It seems that Rudolph-san’s judgment wasn’t wrong .

“Then, the reason you came here is because the country will handle the soup, not a company?”

“Exactly! Of course, that goes only if you agree . ”

“I don’t mind . The adventurers, travelers and of course the knights would find it very helpful, so I approve of its popularization . ”

“I thought you would say that . Then, let’s get negotiating first!”

Eh? What does “negotiating first” mean?

“What are you making that expression for? Are you just going to say: ‘Here you go’ while handing over something so incredible? That’s not possible, alright?”

Reading my expression, Austin-sama was dumbfounded .

“Well… are we not deciding just the payment for the manufacturing method?”

The letter I sent to Matthias-san only included the way the soup is prepared and how it can be handled easily . Therefore, Austin-sama doesn’t know how freeze-drying works yet .

I thought we would be discussing the price of this manufacturing method . Or so I thought, but that doesn’t seem to be the case .

“The manufacturing method too, but there’s also the royalties from the sales . There’s no way the country can pocket all the profits, we also need to discuss how to deal with this and foreign countries… there are many things we have to go through, Takumi . ”

“Ehh~”

“You can’t make such an unpleasant expression now . ”

“Can’t I just push it all on you? I will sell the manufacturing method for cheaper . ”

“Instead of raising the price, you are lowering its value? You are the same as always, Takumi~”

Same as always? Ahh~ There was the matter with the pearl ornaments .

“Allen, Elena, could you please ask Austin-sama to handle the rest?”

“”Handle the rest?””

“Yes, handle the rest . Please tell him, we leave the rest to you . ”

“”Got it~””

With the pearls, Austin-sama started hesitating when the children requested him, so thinking of using the same tactics, I had Allen and Elena cooperate .

“Takumi, this won’t work on me no matter what this time!”

“Ehh~”

“By the way, after staying here for a few days, I’m thinking of having you accompany me to the Creta Kingdom . ”

“Eh! To the Creta Kingdom?”

After Austin-sama declared strongly so, he spoke of something unexpected next .

“For the production of the soup, I plan on going to Argo and Creta first . ”

“Yes?”

“You have acquaintances in Argo, after all . I think the talks would go easier if I bring up your name . ”

“Huh, bringing up my name?”

I have met the Argo royalty once before during a request… they may still remember me . (LN stuff)

“We are going to make a contract that part of the sales goes to you . This has to happen . Oh, please don’t say that you don’t need any profits… alright? It’s obvious that this will yield considerable profit . We don’t want to make it seem as if the country took it away from you . ”

I see, even though I am fine with it, it’s quite likely the people would have their speculations .

In that case, Austin-sama would never give up on this condition . I have no choice but to agree here .

I have to do my best with the freeze-dried soup for Rudolph-san who took care of us too~

“Handle the rest . ”

“Not needed?”

“Yep, it looks like it’s not needed this time . Thank you, both . ”

I decided to stop avoiding the mess and made up my mind to discuss .




Chapter 234

While discussing the sales with Austin-sama, I first asked him to pay me less, so that the price could be lower and anyone could buy it .

Austin-sama acknowledged that, we signed the contract and I taught him the freeze-drying method . Though I say that, it was only freezing the soup and drying it afterward…

Austin-sama stared in wonder at the surprisingly easy method .

“It’s something so simple?”

“Correct . Everything will be all right as long as you carefully eliminate the air around the soup while drying . ”

“First of all, we have to try it with someone who can use life magic immediately . If successful, it’s going to be easier and more popular than I thought . ”

There is a considerable number of people with “Fire Magic”, but “Ice Magic” users are scarce . In comparison, many people are able to use “Life Magic” . Therefore, rather than gathering people who can use fire and ice magic, gathering those who can use life magic would be much easier .

“I’m going to give it a try tomorrow with the people I brought with me and those working at Stanval’s residence . ”

Tomorrow, the Stanval household’s chefs will cook the soup and the knights who are able of using life magic will attempt to freeze-dry it .

For now, Austin-sama doesn’t intend on spreading the freeze-drying method, so he’s going to ask the obliging knights to keep quiet .

“Which reminds me, Austin-sama you said you wanted to go to Creta? Is there a need for me to go as well?”

“I won’t say that it’s necessary for you to go, but it would definitely help . After all, even though countries have products they monopolize and sell them as specialty products, this would be the first time multiple countries would attempt to put a product on the market together . ”

Oh, so there are products sold exclusively in certain countries .

“But, showing up on a big stage is a little bit too much for me…”

“I know that . That’s why I intend on speaking about you only to a select few . ”

“Thank you for understanding . ”

Well, my name will definitely come up during the signing of a contract, so getting to know my name is important, even though it wouldn’t be officially announced to the public . That’s something I can do nothing about .

“However, it would be very helpful if you were nearby to give advice were something unexpected to happen . Additionally, I’m thinking of having you accompany me as a Knight Guard to Creta . ”

“Huh? As a knight? I am no knight, though?”

“It’s fine . I’m not saying you will have to swear your loyalty to me or anything . You will just have to wear a knight uniform to blend with the other guards . ”

Heeh~… is doing something like that alright?

“Your uniform is already prepared . ”

“Eh!?”

With a smile on his face, Austin-sama pointed at a box on a table close to the wall .

He instructed one of his guards to bring it and he showed me the contents .

“White?”

Inside the box was the uniform of Guardia’s Knights, moreover, the white uniform worn by the Royal Guards .

“Not the dark blue one?”

“You will be my guard, after all . It has to be the white one . ”

“That might be true, but… wouldn’t that set a bad example for the knights who aim to become the Royal Guards?”

It is certainly the job of the Royal Guards to escort the royal family, but I don’t think that wearing this uniform is something I should do, as I’m not even a knight in the first place .

“You have the trust of our royal family and there’s no problem in the ability department, so isn’t it just fine? Besides, I’m allowing you to wear it, so there won’t be a problem no matter who says what . Father has approved of this too . ”

“……”

Well, there won’t be many people complaining if the King and the Crown Prince allowed it .

“I don’t think there would be a problem with the size, but why don’t you try it on just in case?”

“Eh? Right now? Rather, I didn’t say I was going to Creta with you just yet, no?”

“You won’t go with me? Are you certain?”

“… It’s not like I say I wouldn’t go . ”

“Really? Thank you very much, Takumi . ”

“……”

I feel like I was pulled by the nose, though… I don’t dislike the idea of visiting Creta, so why not just go~

“Allen, Elena, it seems that we have a change of plans and we will be going to a country called Creta in a few days . ”

“”Kreta~?””

“That’s right . ”

“”What about Obaasama~?””

“Sorry, it seems that we will get there a bit later . ”

“”Ehhh~~~””

When I explained to the children, they looked more disappointed than I thought .

Well, the kids did look forward to the town of Rubia, after all~

“I am aware that I did you wrong, Allen, Elena . Could you forgive me for delaying your plans by a little? As an apology, I had prepared uniforms for you two as well . ”

“”Uniforms~?””

“Outfits that match with Takumi’s . ”

“”Matching!””

To curry favor with the kids, Austin-sama showed them the contents of another box . There were white tiny uniforms inside .

I was thinking what was in the other boxes, but to think there would be children-sized uniforms in one of them~

But, the effect was superb as the children’s interest swayed .

“Why don’t you try it on?”

“”Yea!””

“I don’t think it would be that difficult to wear it, but…——Kevin, help them put it on . ”

“Yes . ”

While staring in blank amazement, we put on the knight uniform——

“This… suits me strangely well…”

I felt a bit weird since the uniform was perfect for my size .

“I inquired about your size, after all . You guys had clothes made in the capital, so it was quite easy . ”

Oh… they checked through the Ruven family .

“”Suits me~?””

“Both of you look very good in it . ”

“”Yay~””

Allen and Elena’s uniforms also suited them perfectly and the two looked like adorable knights .

Moreover, the uniform had a cloak included, and they were playing amusingly with it by turning around .

“By the way, we have prepared only one piece for the children, but there’s also dark blue and black one for you, Takumi . ”

Austin-sama pointed at another box that had yet to be opened .

It seems that he prepared the uniform of the general knights and Dragon Knights for me as well . There won’t be a need for me to wear any other uniform than the white one, no?

“I won’t have the opportunity to wear those, right?”

“I believe you could have use for them, so it would be good having them at hand . ”

“Nonono, use for what, exactly!? Rather, you cannot encourage something like that, Austin-sama!”

“At times you think a knight at the place could solve the problem, for example? It’s fine, I trust you won’t use them for evil!”

“You don’t have to trust me that much, okay!?”

Normally, I wouldn’t dare object so foolishly when talking with the Crown Prince, but I couldn’t help it this time .




Chapter 235

I changed from the white uniform before I dirtied it and moved with Austin-sama to the dining hall to have dinner with the Stantval family .

There, we met Lilika-sama again, but Lilika-sama who was surprised to see us raised her voice and ended up ignoring Austin-sama’s presence . I also became friends with her older brother——Reinhardt, who was the same age as me and we enjoyed the meal thoroughly .

—————

The next day, while resting in our room after having breakfast, a guide came to inform us that Austin-sama has called us over to get experimenting with the freeze-dry soup .

“Good morning . Have you slept well?”

He guided us to the Stanval house’s kitchen, where Austin-sama was waiting with a smile on his face .

“Yes, we had a good rest . ”

“”Slept a lot~””

“Still, is it fine for you to be in the kitchen, Austin-sama? Wouldn’t it be better to carry the finished soup to the lounge?”

“This way is much more convenient . Like this, you can prepare lunch while checking on us if we are not missing any key points . ”

“Ehh!?”

It seems that he was serious yesterday about the curry~

Rather, I didn’t think he would make plans so properly . Besides, even if I had to cook lunch, I wouldn’t have a problem if the kitchen wasn’t available .

“Err… how much should I make?”

“You can use all the ingredients there, you can make lots . You don’t have to bother with bread or salad, so you can focus on making the curry . ”

Taking a glance where Austin-sama was pointing at, there was a pile of onions, potatoes, carrots, and Orc meat . Of course, the curry powder sold by the Fiji Company wasn’t missing .

“You really are prepared . ”

“I’m asking you to do something that isn’t your job . This much is only given . ”

“By the way, do you mind if I make something personal on the occasion?”

“Sure, I don’t mind . ”

I checked whether I could make something I personally wanted on the occasion and got a kind permission from Austin-sama .

“Thank you very much . Then, I will get right into work . ”

“Yes, please go ahead . ”

I moved to the place with the pile of ingredients right away .

“”What kind of curry?””

“A normal curry using Orc meat . Can you help me?”

“”Yea!””

First, I chopped up the veggies and meat and placed them in a large saucepan, after stir-frying them for a little, I poured in some water and simmered until cooked . Actually, using soup stock would be better, but since we are making a good amount this time, I will put up with using water .

“”Onii~ chan, this?””

“Yup, that’s scum . Please do your best to remove as much as possible . ”

“”Yess~””

After asking Allen and Elena to skim the scum from the curry, I checked on Austin-sama’s group, but the freeze-drying of the life magic-using knights seemed to be going well, so they were now focused on mass-producing the soup . They are apparently preparing samples to take with them to the negotiations with Creta .

“”No more scum~””

“Thank you both . This will definitely come out delicious now . ”

“”Really?””

I added roux from curry powder and flour I prepared in a separate pot to the saucepan the children cleaned of scum .

Oh, how about I add chocolate as a secret ingredient?

“All that’s left is to mix and simmer it until it’s done . ”

“”Can’t wait~””

There was enough time, so I decided to cook it normally without using the Aging magic, and moved to work on the personal project next .

“”Next is~?””

“Next I will make a few soups and turn them into instant soups . ”

“Instant soups?”

“That’s right . ”

Freeze-dry soup, as the name suggests, is a soup that undergone Freeze and Dry magic process, so to make the manufacturing process unclear, we have decided to call it instant soup .

The instant soup has already been taken in charge by the royal family, so I am unable to sell it . However, there’s no problem in making some for personal use, moreover, there won’t be any problems to gift them to other people, as long as the quantity is not too large .

Therefore, I will make two or three kinds of soups, freeze-dry them and deliver some to Rudolph-san who is leaving tomorrow . The rest will be used as emergency rations for the kids .

“What kind of soup would be good?”

“Err, you see~ Allen likes miso soup!”

“Elena likes tori soup, you know!”

Miso soup and tomato soup, huh .

“That sounds nice . Why don’t we make curry soup too . ”

“”Yeah, sounds nice!””

I had the kids help me with a miso soup with plenty of ena grass (spinach) and shii (shiitake) mushrooms . A tori (tomato) soup with lots of cabbage and bacon . And a curry soup with lots of sausages and onions . We made these three kids of soups .

By the time we were done with the soups, the curry I cooked for lunch was also done .

“Takumi, you made some delicious-looking soups~”

“Austin-sama, are you guys done?”

“Yes, we finished safely . Since you made three kinds, they are most likely not for lunch, right? Are you also making instant soups?”

“Yes, that’s right . I was just about to freeze them . ”

“They look tasty . ”

“… Would you like a taste?”

“Thank you so much . ”

When I offered the overly curious Austin-sama a taste, his expression brightened .

Even though he just has to ask if he wants a taste~

“Then, let’s get to freeze them…”

“Leave it to Allen~”

“Leave it to Elena~”

“Eh!? Ehhh!?”

Simultaneously with their declaration, Allen and Elena used magic to make the soups float in the air one by one .

The spectacle of floating liquid was quite stunning .

“”Onii~ chan, ice!””

“… Oh, right!——Freeze . ”

I was dumbfounded so the children had to urge me to freeze the floating soup .

The frozen soup tumbled down into the pot . Since the soups were floating above the pot, we finished with barely any soup dripping on the ground .

“”Onii~ chan, next step~””

“Yep, indeed . ——Dry . ”

Next, I dried the piles of frozen soups in the pots .

Like this, the operation is complete! The three kinds of soups ended up getting mixed together, but we just have to separate them later~

“That’s some ridiculous method you have here…”

“Hahaha~ that was just an accident, an accident . ”

It was really an accident . It’s pathetic, but I got completely led by Allen and Elena…

“We are done here as well, how about we have lunch now?”

“”Lunch~!””

“Indeed . The kitchen has been filled with that fragrance for a while now and everyone is getting restless . ”

“”Quickly, quickly~””

Certainly, the knights making the instant soup were stealing glances at us once in a while, but the children seem to be the most restless here .




Chapter 236

The curry was greatly received and a large amount of curry disappeared in no time .

Austin-sama seemed to like it very much and asked me to make it again for some reason . Does he mean to make it when accompanying him to Creta? Well, my reply has been muddy for the time being~

“I just thought about this, but… even if I wear the knight’s uniform, won’t I stand out if the kids are with me?”

We are going to Creta on a mission, right? Is it really fine for the children to be with us?

“Oh my, you have noticed?”

“… Eh?”

“Well, we don’t have another choice other than to bring them along, so don’t pay attention to that . ”

It appears that he was lacking a plan regarding Allen and Elena’s company .

In fact, having children accompany us would be unnatural in the first place, so we are going to get attention even if we don’t try .

Austin-sama, I would have liked if you told me about it sooner if you knew . Wouldn’t it cause great trouble if we had to come up with something in a hurry inside the Creta Kingdom’s royal castle!?

“Austin-sama, if there are any important things or manners of Creta to memorize, please teach us in advance . ”

“Alright . I will summarize it for you later . ”

“Please do that . Still, what were you planning to do if I didn’t notice?”

“I would have you accompany me just like that, you know? I was intending to observe your situation when we arrive in the Creta castle, Takumi . ”

“……”

Heartless . Was he planning to enjoy seeing me panicking?

“Allen, Elena, let’s keep quiet so we don’t stand out once we are at a castle . ”

“”Shh~?””

“Yup, that’s right . ”

Thinking that we might become targets of observations, I informed children to be prepared .

Then, the children placed their index fingers to their mouths and gestured silence . They don’t need to keep quiet here, but it seems they understood the meaning .

“Infiltration?”

“Sneaking in?”

“Stop right there!! That would be different!?”

They didn’t understand!

Rather, where did they learn about things like “Infiltration” and “Sneaking in”!!

“Infiltration and sneaking in aren’t things you should be talking about!”

“”Is not good~?””

“Not good, not good at all!”

“”No sneaky beaky?””

“Sneaking in a castle would be really bad, okay!?”

“”I see~ Too bad~””

It would be a big problem if you got found out!

“Fufu . Takumi, are you intending to sneak into the Creta castle? That would certainly be a problem, so I would prefer if you didn’t . ”

“I won’t!?”

Austin-sama, what are you saying!? I was just desperately trying to stop them, though!

“Well, I wouldn’t mind if you do it in our castle, though . ”

“Please mind that! We absolutely won’t sneak in, okay!?”

“”We won’t?””

“We won’t, alright!?”

“Is that so? I thought it would serve as a good practice for our knights~”

A training against intruders? Rather, stop creating a premise for us to sneak into the castle!!

“We have no such skills, so it would end with us being discovered at the castle’s gate! It would serve as no practice!”

“Is that really so? I feel that you guys would be able to sneak deep to the royalty’s private rooms quite easily, though~”

“Nono! I’m telling you that wouldn’t be possible! Rather, why are you saying that all of sudden!?”

“See, it’s that . The first time you came to the castle, you discovered people sneaking in the audience hall, right? Although the audience hall isn’t that deep into the castle, it would be problematic if it’s so easy to sneak inside . ”

… Oh, which reminds me that something like that had happened .

Uhh, there was one intruder behind His Majesty and two intruders hiding in the ceiling if I recall correctly .

“Something like that happened, didn’t it~ What happened to the three you captured?”

“You didn’t hear? Rather than spies, they were operatives working under Granduncle . ”

“… Under Lionel-sama?”

“He was curious about you . He gave them orders half in jest and they were able to easily infiltrate the hall . ”

“……”

Lionel-sama, what the hell are you doing!!

“Granduncle seemed to be even more interested in you when you discovered his operatives . Aren’t you glad, Takumi~”

… That’s a bit complicated . I’m not happy at all~

“Fufu, your reaction is different from usual, Takumi . There are still many people who want to get to Granduncle’s good side, you know?”

Perhaps it showed on my face as Austin-sama giggled amusingly .

Well, there must be quite a lot of people trying to curry favor with the royal family . But, I believe there are also many people like me who try not to get involved as much as possible .

“I’m sure I would be led around the nose otherwise, after all~”

“Like Alfried? I can’t deny that, but I think you would be able to deflect him properly . ”

“You think so?”

There were times I was able to deflect him skillfully, but they were mostly frightening experiences .

“Well, I like things in moderation . ”

“My, oh my, that’s not good~ Well, that’s so like you, though . ”

Austin-sama giggled to himself again .

“And so, when are you going to sneak into our castle?”

“Nonono! I’m telling you that we won’t!”

“I ask you to do it to train our knights . ”

“Ask the people under Lionel-sama to do that . ”

“Is this a lost cause then?”

“Absolutely . ”

Austin-sama encouraged us to sneak in again .

I wonder why the topic returned to that!?

“Say, Allen, Elena . Sneaking into a castle sounds really fun, doesn’t it?”

“”Yea, sounds fun~””

“Allen, Elena, you mustn’t, okay!?——Austin-sama, stop trying to tempt the children, okay!?”

“To make you give up, one should attack from this side . ”

Austin-sama and I kept repeating “Do it” and “Won’t do it . ” for a while after that .




Chapter 237

“Rudolph-san! I’m glad you haven’t left yet!”

The next morning, we came to the Adventurer’s Guild to see off the Dragon Breath party .

“Takumi, did you come this early expressly for us?”

“We have been in your care, after all . We wanted to thank you for everything . ”

“”Thank you . ””

“Haha, is that so?”

“This is a farewell gift . Please take it . ”

I handed him the instant soups I prepared as a farewell gift right away .

“Takumi, this is…”

“The very soup . I think it will take some time still, but it’s going to be introduced on the market . ”

“I see, so it has been decided! But, is this fine?”

“Yes, it’s just a little bit, but please receive it . ”

“I’m happy with the information alone, but honestly this helps a lot! I will gladly take it!”

Rudolph-san received the instant soups happily .

“By the way… those people over there are your company, right?”

“Ah~… that’s correct . ”

“You don’t have to say who they are . I can guess . ”

We have been able to deepen our friendship with the Stanval siblings Reinhardt-sama and Lilika-sama, whom we call Rein and Lily now . They are accompanying us today with the pretext of inspection .

Originally, I planned on returning to the Stanval mansion after seeing Rudolph-san off, then we would go out, but Lily-chan spoke about wanting to see the Adventurer’s Guild, and Rein got on board with the idea, so they decided to accompany us while I looked on in blank amazement .

Of course, they had guards with them, so we turned into a decently-sized group and attracted a lot of attention .

“Oniisama, this is the request board!”

“That’s right . There are various requests divided by ranks posted there . ”

“There’s so many~ Oh my! This one is a request for ‘Pastel Rabbit Capture’!”

Rein seemed to have been here several times before, but it seemed to be Lily-chan’s first time here as she was curious about everything .

She attracts a lot of attention when quiet, but the innocent Lily-chan who didn’t know better was attracting even more attention .

“… Do you think the other adventurers noticed it too?”

It would make quite a ruckus if people knew the Feudal Lord’s children were here . I’d like to avoid that .

“They seem well-bred at first glance, so believe they must be aware of their status, but they surely haven’t noticed their true identities yet . Their escorts aren’t wearing identical uniforms either . ”

“I’m glad to hear that~”

It was a correct decision to have the escorting soldiers change from their uniforms!!

“I was surprised when you were suddenly summoned over, but I’m relieved all worked out well in the end . ”

“Sorry… about that time . ”

“Don’t mind it! Rather than that, get along with those two so that you can have a guardian in the town of Kelm . ”

“… Guardian, you say . I’m an adult, though~”

“Don’t mind the details . It would be best for you to have guardians in every place! Make sure to secure them all!”

Guardians in every place… the hell is that, right? But, if that’s the case, then——

“Then, how about you become my guardian as well, Rudolph-san?”

Rudolph-san showed a dumbfounded expression for a moment after hearing my remark, but he soon laughed .

“Ou, sure thing! I’m no match for nobles who stay in one place, but I will definitely look after you when I’m nearby!”

“Oh~ thank you very much . ”

Rudolph-san accepted my proposal heartily . I was half-joking, though~

“We should be departing soon . Takumi, thank you for coming to see us off . You can reach me through the guild anytime, so don’t hesitate to contact me if something happens . ”

“Thank you very much . Gilm-san, Zack-san, Iris-san, take care . ”

“Ou . ”

“You take care of yourselves too, Takumi . ”

“Takumi-san, Allen-kun, Elena-chan, see you again~”

“”Bye-bye~!””

We finished parting with the Dragon Breath party, so we joined up with Rein and Lily-chan .

“Takumi, are you good now?”

“Yes, thank you for waiting . ”

“Don’t mind it . ”

“That’s right . It was us who wanted to tag along, so you have no need to mind us, Takumi-sama!”

“Thank you very much . Well then, this place is going to get crowded soon, so we should be leaving as well . ”

“Indeed . ”

“I understand . ”

“”Okay~””

We left the Adventurer’s Guild and headed to the mines .

“Takumi-sama, Takumi-sama! What is that place selling?”

“”Sandwiches?””

“Sandwiches, you say?”

Lily-chan inquired while looking at the street vendor in front of the bakery .

Rather than sandwiches, that vendor seemed to be selling something like hotdogs .

They are selling something that’s easy to carry for people coming in and out of the town . I can see adventurers buying it here and there, also .

“I think it’s a long white bread cut in the middle with vegetables and meat inside . ”

“Oh my~ so there’s a type of bread like that too . ”

“It seems recent . ”

I haven’t seen sandwiches around before, but they are selling them here and there nowadays .

It’s not at the rate of sweet pastry, but it seems to be spreading around .

“If you are curious, would you like to buy it for lunch?”

“Is that fine?”

“I don’t mind . What about you, Allen, Elena?”

“”Will eat sandwich~””

“Oniisama!”

“I don’t mind either . Rather, I’m curious as well, so let’s buy them by all means . ”

When we approached the vendor right away and looked at the goods——

“”N~?””

For some reason, the tip-toeing kids who stretched their necks to take a look at the street vendor’s goods tilted their heads .

“What’s the matter, you guys?”

“They have only . ”

“Veggies~”

“… Oh, so that’s what this is about . ”

The goods lined up on the street vendor’s stall had only two-three kinds of vegetables with mayonnaise-like sauce, so Allen and Elena seemed to be disappointed by the lack of variety .

It was a sad line-up for the twins who were used to all kinds of ingredients .

Well, it’s only lettuce, spring onions, and cucumber, so it was certainly lacking? It would be better together with ham or cheese~

“What is the matter with Allen-sama and Elena-sama?”

“They have the hearty appetite of growing children, so just vegetables are too lacking for them . ”

“My, oh my!”

Lily-chan opened her eyes wide in surprise when I answered her, but she soon giggled .

“However, I also understand their feelings . ”

“Oniisama . ”

Rein also seemed to have a hearty appetite of a growing young man .

The salesman wouldn’t feel good if we keep complaining in front of their stall, though . Well, they are serving another customer at the moment, so I don’t think they heard us .

“Well, we can always add our own ingredients, so let’s buy them since we are here . ”

Fortunately, there are plenty of ingredients that we can add to it in my Infinite Storage, so I quickly purchased enough vegetable sandwiches for our group and left the street vendor .




Chapter 238

As soon as we arrived at the mine’s entrance, we went inside .

“Oniisama, are these the mines?”

“Yeah, that’s right . ”

“It’s pretty dark, isn’t it?”

“Are you scared?”

“… A little bit . ”

Rein apparently came here several times before, but it was Lily-chan’s first time and she seemed a bit scared .

“Light . ”

I illuminated the surroundings with magic right away .

“Oh my! It’s very bright now! There’s nothing I can complain about now . Thank you so much, Takumi-sama!”

Lily-chan was so grateful I couldn’t take it .

I mean, I didn’t do it especially for her as I do it every time~

Well, I won’t tell her that, though .

“Having Takumi with you is so convenient~”

“My, Oniisama! Saying it like that is rude to Takumi-sama!”

I got dragged into the conversation by Rein, but Lily-chan complained more than me and began rebuking her older brother, so I was more stunned than displeased .

“S, sorry, Lily . ”

“Geez, there’s no point apologizing to me!”

Lily-chan seemed angrier than I thought, her attitude was very threatening .

“S, sorry, Takumi . ”

“Well, taking Lily-chan into consideration, I will feign ignorance this time . However, I will stop being friends with you the next time . ”

“Ehh!?”

I tried joking a little with him in retaliation, but Rein’s expression got more shocked than I thought it would .

“Naturally . Takumi-sama, even if you cut ties with Oniisama, please stay being friends with me . Now, let’s leave Oniisama alone and go ahead . Allen-sama, Elena-sama too, come this way please . ”

“”Okay~””

Moreover, Lily-chan gave him a finishing blow and started walking away while pulling on my hand .

“Takumi-sama, when you want to stop interacting with my elder brother, you can do so without worrying . ”

“I didn’t mind it that much, so you don’t have to worry . ”

“If you say so, Takumi-sama…”

“Thank you, Lily-chan . ”

I heard Rein shouting “Wait for me~” from behind, but Lily-chan pretended to not hear and kept proceeding .

“By the way, Takumi-sama . ”

“What is it?”

“Could you maybe speak more casually with me? This is how I normally talk, but that’s not the case for you, no?”

“Ah~… correct . ”

“Oh, you did it again . ”

For some reason or another, I spoke in a polite tone, but Lily-chan wanted me to stop doing that .

Well, it’s easier for me to talk normally, so I would be more than happy to do so .

“Right . But… is that fine with you?”

“Yes, I don’t mind . It feels like we are much closer that way, which makes me happy! Of course, please drop the politeness with Oniisama too . Rather, I don’t mind if you treat him rudely . ”

When I changed my tone, Lily-chan smiled happily .

However, she remained cold to Rein .

“Then, I have a request too . It would be nice if possible, but could you stop addressing me with -sama?”

“Allen is Allen!”

“Elena is Elena!”

Following me, Allen and Elena also demanded to change the way she addressed them .

“Then… Allen-chan, Elena-chan . ”

“”Yeah!””

“Erm, umm, would you allow me to call you… Takumi Oniisama?”

Lily-chan called the children and I bashfully .

Well, I was the only one she added questionable words behind my name .

“Looks like the number of my little sisters increased . ”

“Nope! Elena is the little sistermon!”

Thinking that having a little sister like Lily-chan would also be cute, Elena strongly opposed it .

Which reminds me, they also didn’t like it when Raizel called me “Aniki” didn’t they~ Well, only Elena seems to be disagreeing this time .

“I, it’s not like I want to steal your Oniisama from you Elena-chan . I just want to call him like that because I adore him like an older brother . ”

“Won’t steal?”

“Yes, I won’t steal him . ”

“Really?”

“Yes, really . ”

“N~ okay then~”

“Thank you very much . ”

When Lily-chan pleaded Elena earnestly, Elena gave her permission .

It’s just the way she addresses me, but their serious conversation was very cute~

“Umm… Allen-chan, Elena-chan, if you don’t mind… won’t you address me as big sister too?”

“”Lily Oneechan~?””

“Yes! Wow, that made me so happy~”

When Allen and Elena obediently replied to her, Lily-chan’s cheeks flushed red from delight .

“P, please call me big brother too . ”

“”No way!””

When Rein who caught up tried to take advantage of the situation and asked Allen and Elena to call him big brother, the two immediately refused .

“I, immediate refusal!? Why?”

“”Just because!””

The children’s response made Rein hung his head in dejection .

Oh my, they refuse to call Rein big brother, huh~

“”How about Reirei~?””

“Are you speaking about me?”

“”Yeah, Reirei . ””

“So it’s a nickname!”

Allen and Elena began calling Rein with a nickname .

I thought of stopping them, but Rein unexpectedly liked it .

“”Hey, Reirei . ””

“What is it?”

“”Where we going?””

“N?”

“That reminds me, have you decided which path to take, Rein?”

Although we advanced at a brisk pace, I did not hear the destination Rein selected .

“Oh, I thought of taking a look at the new site on the A path . ”

“A new site in the A tunnel, is it? Heh~ That sounds like a good place for digging~”

“”Digging! Can we?””

Hearing that it might be a good place for digging, Allen and Elena’s expression immediately brightened .

They have totally become captives of the mining .

“Yeah, I don’t mind . ”

“”Let’s hurry~””

“Whoah!”

Getting permission from Rein, the two took his hands and broke into a run .

“Allen, Elena, slow down a little~”

“”Alright~””

“Lily-chan, shall we go too?”

“Yes . ”

I suggested Lily-chan that we move as well and followed after Rein and the children .




Chapter 239

Upon reaching our destination, Allen and Elena promptly took out the tools from their pouches——

“Will find a suitable one . ”

“For Lily Oneechan~”

Saying that, they started hitting the wall at full speed . .

“”Something’s there~””

(Eh!?)

“”Bad luck~””

“Allen found Mithril~”

“Elena’s was salt~”

(Eh!!)

And so, a few minutes later, the children found Mithril and Kelm rock salt, but it was apparently a miss for them who were looking for something that would suit Lily-chan . They put it in a basket and started digging as if they were not interested anymore .

Rein and Stanval family’s guards were stunned by the children who found stuff only after a few minutes of digging, but treated what they found as bad luck .

“Ta, Takumi, they said b, bad luck!! Digging up both Mithril and rock salt at once is a big hit, you know!?”

“My kids are aware that what they found is valuable too . It’s just that they are searching for something different now . ”

“Something different?”

“Something suitable for Lily-chan . ”

“For Lily?”

“Yeah, they have declared it before they started digging, right?”

N~ but what are they searching for, I wonder? It has to be a gem of some kind, no?

“Allen, Elena, what are you looking for?”

“”Crystal!””

“I see, a crystal, huh . ”

“”Yep!!””

“Oh, found one~”

“Me too~ but, not this one~”

“True . This one is also not it~”

While talking to me on the side, Allen and Elena each found a crystal . Black and yellow ones? However, those were not the color they were looking for, so they treated it as a miss again .

“What color are you searching for?”

“Green for Allen . Just like Fleur~”

“Elena is looking for blue~ The color of Lily Oneechan eyes~”

The color of Fleur, the Pastel Rabbit Lily-chan keeps and the color of her eyes, huh .

I see, they considered the colors seriously .

“I hope you can find them . ”

“”We will find themmon!””

Well, they have nothing to base it on, but Allen and Elena were convinced they would find them .

“”This is also not it~””

The children dug up something the next moment, but put it into the basket with disappointed looks on their faces .

“… Mithril again . ”

“They have dug up so much iron ore too…”

“How many crystals does that make?”

“Whoah, they extracted a super-sized gem!”

The guards and Rein were looking at the children with dumbfounded expressions .

“I heard that ‘A’ tunnel is a place with high yield, but that really is the case, huh~”

“Nonono! Don’t misunderstand, Lily . You usually don’t get to dig up so much, okay!?”

“Is that so?”

“That is so! It’s absolutely impossible to mine so much in such a short time, alright!”

“Then, it must mean that Allen-chan and Elena-chan are amazing, right!”

Only Lily-chan was innocently admiring the two .

“Are you not going to dig, Rein? Weren’t you pumped to dig up some Mithril?”

“In this situation!? Wouldn’t I be digging empty walls if I get working next to the kids!? Definitely! For sure!!”

“You shouldn’t mind it . These children have very good luck . It’s fine . You will be able to dig up something too . ”

“What are you basing that on!?”

“Something?”

“Isn’t that nothing then!”

I have nothing to base it on, but wouldn’t some of the luck leak to yourself when working next to the people with such good luck? Last time, Morgan-san said that he dug up more than usual~

“”Found it~””

“Oh, you found it? Allen, Elena, both of you?”

“”Yeah!””

Allen and Elena seemed to have found what they have been looking for in the meantime . The two ran up to me and showed me what they were holding between their thumbs and index fingers .

They were entirely transparent, but they were clearly of green and blue colors .

“You found some with pretty colors and shapes . ”

“”Yeah——Here, Lily Oneechan, for you~””

“Err… however, is it really okay for me to accept… something this wonderful?”

“The children dug for these specifically for you, so please accept it . ”

“”Accept it~””

“T, thank you so much . I am very happy . ”

“”Ehehe~””

After handing the crystals to Lily-chan, Allen and Elena smiled bashfully .

A heartwarming atmosphere surrounded the three . This might be rude to Lily-chan, but they seem like triplets .

“… It’s unfair that they warmed up only to Lily . ”

Rein was a bit downhearted .

“It’s not like they didn’t warm up to you, okay? They won’t even look at someone they didn’t warm up to . ”

“Eh? Is that so?”

“They have gotten much better now, but they were originally extremely shy of strangers . Once they judge that someone has a bad character, they would only approach them with caution . ”

“Ohh! Is that so!”

In that respect, since they call Rein by a nickname they came up with, and pull him by hand, they must have warmed up to him quite a bit .

When I explained to Rein, he smiled cheerfully .

“Well, I have no doubts that they like Lily-chan much better than you, though~”

“Why do you have to kick me down like that!?”

“Now then, it’s a perfect time for lunch, isn’t it?”

“You ignoring me!?”

Rein has a considerably honest personality for a noble, so it’s easy to tease him .

It’s always me that gets teased, so I’m quite happy that my position with Rein around changes .

“”Lunch~””

Hearing about lunch, Allen and Elena pulled Lily-chan to us .

“Adding ingredients to the sandwiches was the plan, right? What do you guys want? Do you also have something you’d like to eat, Lily-chan?”

“”N~ lemme see~””

“Something I’d like to eat? Erm, excuse me . I have no idea what would be a good match, so I will go with your recommendation, Takumi Oniisama . ”

Ahh~ Lily-chan never ate a sandwich before, I see~ She wouldn’t certainly know what would be good .

“Have you decided yet, Allen, Elena?”

“”Umm, you see~””

“Eggs, right~”

“Ham, right~”

“Potato salad would be nice too~”

“Tunamayo would be nice too~”

“Tonkatsu?”

“Teriyaki?”

“Ah, Shogayaki!”

“Hamburger too!”

“Nonono, all that isn’t possible, okay!?”

What Allen and Elena named all certainly had good compatibility with a sandwich . But, there were definitely way too many ingredients .

“Let’s narrow it down to one or two ingredients . ”

“”Ehh~””

“You say ehh~ but you wouldn’t be able to eat it, no?”

“”Muu~””

Allen and Elena puffed up their cheeks in dissatisfaction .

They are unusually unreasonable, aren’t they~

“There were some things I didn’t understand, but anything Takumi makes is delicious . That’s why I also want to try everything . ”

“Stop right there, Oniisama… read the situation, please . ”

Rein, even though I just said putting everything on wouldn’t be possible, why did you have to say that?

“Lily-chan, can I leave the lecturing to you?”

“Leave it to me, Takumi Oniisama . ”

“Yep, thank you . ”

I left the lecturing of Rein to Lily-chan and turned towards the children .

“Allen, Elena, do you want to eat everything no matter what?”

“”… No . Lily Oneechan, though . ””

“Oh, did you want Lily-chan to try everything?”

“”… Yeah . ””

All sandwiches are delicious, so they were cutely stubborn so that Lily-chan could try all of them .

“I see . But, Lily-chan wouldn’t be able to eat everything, so please choose only what you really want her to try . If we teach Lily-chan’s family chefs the rest, she will be able to try everything eventually . ”

“”… Got it . ””

In the end, we filled our stomachs with egg sandwiches and Shogayaki sandwiches .

After finishing the meal, we resumed mining together with Rein and Lily-chan until the afternoon .

It was Lily-chan’s first time mining and she found a fair amount of crystals with Allen and Elena’s help, but Rein couldn’t find a single one .

It proved that there were two types of people, those who could be affected by Allen and Elena’s good fortune and those who couldn’t .




Chapter 240

At last, the day of departure to Creta arrived .

After parting with the sad-looking Lily-chan and the Stanval family, we moved to a practice field looking place .

“”Charo’s there~!””

“Oh, you finally got to see him again . ”

“”Going ahead~””

The Dragon Knights were already prepared to leave at the practice field, and Allen and Elena who quickly detected Charo was there, rushed over to him .

Charo was on their mind all this time, so it’s only the natural course of action .

The reason mainly being the nature of the wyverns as they fundamentally live freely until called over by their partner, a Dragon Knight, so they quite couldn’t meet him again . Well, they could have seen him if we went to the stables at night or if we had Quigg-san call him, but we didn’t want to disturb Charo from enjoying his alone time, so the kids endured .

“Grrau~”

Charo happily enclosed the twins in his wings and licked the two’s faces .

The Dragon Knights other than Quigg-san panicked at seeing two kids rush towards a wyvern, but when they saw them clinging to Charo’s bosom, they exchanged glances of astonishment .

Looking at the grinning Quigg-san, I believe he didn’t explain anything to his colleagues .

“Grrau, gyau . ”

The other four wyverns gathered around Allen and Elena .

Moreover, they took turns to lick the twins’ faces one by one . The two were completely covered in drool .

The other four Dragon Knights were even more astonished by this spectacle .

Wyverns rarely accept anyone except their partner, so they could only stand astounded by the kids .

I quietly approached Quigg-san .

“You didn’t tell them?”

“I got also shocked . I wanted everyone to feel the same as I did . ”

He wanted everyone to experience what he did… rather?

Is Quigg-san unexpectedly a mischievous kind of person?

“Oh!”

“N?”

As soon as Quigg-san dodged to the side, I noticed the wyverns running towards me .

And then——lick . Charo licked my face with all his heart .

Moreover, not only he licked me, he also play-bit and rubbed against me and then… I was jostled around by the five wyverns . The white knight’s uniform I was embarrassed to wear got completely dirtied by saliva .

I wore it thinking that I will be starting as a guard today, but… I shouldn’t have worn it .

“”Kyahaha~ Oniichan, you are all sticky~””

Allen and Elena who were sitting on Charo’s back were watching me get all drooly with excitement .

Well, the two are already covered in saliva too, though~

“You are horrible for laughing at me~ You two are the same, aren’t you?”

“”Matching~?””

“… This kind of matching is a bit purposeless~”

“”No good~?””

“No good, indeed . Come down, I will clean you up . ”

“”Okayy~””

I quickly cleaned our faces and clothes with Washing .

“Grauu, giyau~”

The wyverns fiercely protested in a chorus .

Is it because I have cleaned off the scent which they marked us with?

“Oh!”

“”Whoah!””

The wyverns gathered around us tightly packing us in what seemed like an Oshikura Manju (children’s game in which three or more stand back-to-back in a circle and jostle) .

I thought I would have to clean us again, but they only rubbed their heads against us this time .

“… You guys really are out of common sense . ”

Austin-sama who had arrived before I noticed was smiling wryly at us .

“We will be departing soon, so please calm down the wyverns for now . ”

“Me!?”

“You are the one who caused this situation, no? I’d like to ask you to settle the situation yourself . ”

“……”

Settle… settle it how? Err——

“Now, now, it looks like we will be departing soon, so get ready everyone . ”

“Grrau . ”

When I attempted to talk to the wyverns first, they surprisingly did as I said and formed a line .

“Waooh~”

“”Oniichan~ amazing~””

“… Takumi really acts out of common sense, doesn’t he?”

Austin-sama said in dumbfoundment .

“Isn’t it just a coincidence?”

“It would be too incredible even if it was a coincidence, you know? Still… what are you going to do? The Dragon Knights seem dispirited now . ”

“… Eh?”

When I looked at the Dragon Knights after hearing Austin-sama’s words, Quigg-san was looking somewhat awed, but the other four Dragon Knights were hanging their heads dejectedly .

“The wyvern I had managed to form a bond with after so many hardships is more affectionate to someone he met for the first time, you know? That would cause you to… lose confidence, right?”

“Eh? Eh? W, what do I do? I, it wasn’t on purpose, though…”

“I’m joking . ”

“Huh!?”

“I had explained your out of common sense-ness to them beforehand, so they will soon return to normal . It’s just what I had explained actually happened, so they must be surprised . ”

“……”

I’m curious about how you explained to them, but… it would be better to not ask . It would make me want to interject in various ways .

As Austin-sama said, the Dragon Knights soon started preparing for departure .

“Still, are you fine with only four genuine guards? Isn’t it too little?”

There were five wyverns . Each was controlled by a Dragon Knight, Austin-sama and one Royal Guard were on the biggest specimen, me and the children were riding Charo with Quigg-san .

The remaining three Royal Guards rode with the other three Dragon Knights and their wyverns .

Up to three people can ride a wyvern . That means at least three more people could accompany us . Well, even then I feel that the number of guards is too little .

“Oh my, didn’t I tell you? Most of the guards and servants took another route to Creta earlier . We will be able to meet their arrival and join up with them today . ”

“I, is that so?”

I thought there were too few people for a mission to another country, but to think there was another unit~

No wonder Austin-sama wasn’t trying to depart immediately after joining up with us .

It looks like he was waiting for the scheduled time .

“Now then, let us depart . The sun will set if we delay for too long . ”

“Yes, understood . ”

We left the town of Kelm and departed towards Creta .




Chapter 241

“I am most delighted that you have arrived safely . ”

We have safely arrived in the capital of Creta before the sunset .

Oh my~ the wyverns were incredible . I really didn’t think we would arrive in a day .

We must have secured permission beforehand as the wyverns landed straight in the plaza of the castle, where people immediately come to welcome us .

There were some officials too, but I saw familiar knight uniforms with them so they must be the Guardia’s people who arrived in advance . But, there were also uniforms I have no recollection of among them, so those must be the knights of Creta .

“Thank you for your hard work, Marquis Lieber . Let’s talk the details later . ——Thank you for welcoming us . ”

“Your Highness Austin, thank you for your visit . I will lead you to your room immediately . Please take a short rest until the dinner is ready . ”

“Thank you for your hospitability . ”

Is he going to meet the Cretians at the time of supper?

“Takumi, this way . ”

We entrusted Austin-sama to the knights who arrived earlier and moved to the room where we will stay while in this country .

“This appears to be the room where we will be staying . ”

The rooms need to be shared and we will be apparently staying together with Kevin-san .

“”Yaay~””

“Don’t be so noisy~”

“”Okayy~””

Allen and Elena dove into the bed the moment they entered the room .

“Are you sure about sharing the room, Takumi? I think they will prepare a room for the kids if we ask . ”

“I’m fine . Anyhow, the children still sleep in the bed with me . Rather than that, are you fine with that, Kevin-san? My children won’t be fooling around, but there’s no doubt they will be a bit too lively . ”

I was asked about the room allocation in advance, but I decided to count myself and the children as one person . The twins are still sticking to me when sleeping, after all .

Besides, I also came here with the status of a guard, so I would like to avoid receiving special treatment as much as possible . I mean, being able to take the twins along is a special treatment in itself . Also, if there’s someone who is familiar with the job staying with us, it would be easier to understand what I have to do!

“I won over Quigg when we were deciding who will share the room with you guys, so don’t mind it . ”

“Eh?”

“You didn’t hear about it? Quigg also wished to stay with you guys, but it would be easier for a Royal Guard like myself to guide you in work, so they have decided on me . ”

Both Kevin-san and Quigg-san are our acquaintances, so they seemed worried about us .

“Thank you very much . We are inexperienced to a degree everything is new to us, so we will be in your care . ”

“Haha, well of course . Well, don’t hesitate to ask if you don’t understand something . ”

“Yes!”

Kevin-san is so reliable! The only choice forward is to follow him!

“”Onii~ chan, I’m hungry~””

“The meal will be ready in just a bit, so endure for a little . ”

“”Can’t have snacks~?””

“You won’t eat dinner if you eat snacks now . ”

“”Muu~””

The usual time for dinner had already passed, so it can’t be helped that they are hungry . However, you can’t urge a foreign castle for a meal on the day of your arrival .

I felt like waiting for a little longer and thought about giving the kids a meal from the Infinite Storage… but at that moment, the door was knocked at .

Kevin-san answered it and turned towards us .

“What’s the matter?”

“The meal is ready . Let’s go to the dining hall . ”

“”Yeah!””

The twins whose cheeks were puffed up immediately started smiling .

“”I wonder what’s for the meal~?””

“N~ I’m quite curious too . ”

“Ah~ I’m sorry for pouring cold water onto your excitement, but I don’t think it will be anything comparable to what you make, Takumi . ”

Kevin-san worriedly warned us, but both the children and I are aware that the food I cook is not common .

In the first place, it’s not like the food of this world is unappetizing . There just aren’t many variations, so I’m not questioning the taste .

Besides, the meals using soy sauce, miso, and mayonnaise have become quite popular recently, and the easy salts are selling well too . Well, this isn’t Guardia, so I can’t say whether they spread to here, but you can’t look down on the transmission power of this world~

“”Food♪ food♪””

“Is it here?”

“It seems so . You get a meal at the counter and take it to eat at an empty seat . ”

“Heeh~”

It’s a self-service cafeteria . This seems to be a dining hall for knights, and the Cretian knights seem to be eating here as well .

Moreover, Quigg-san and others were already dining, and they beckoned us over after catching sight of us . It seems they reserved seats for us over there .

“Excuse me . ”

“Oh, you seem like a Guardia’s knight——Nn!? Kids!?”

The cook who was about to receive our order raised a surprised voice when he saw Allen and Elena .

“Oh, pardon me . They are my siblings . I’ve got permission . ”

“Is that so? I was startled because it’s rare for kids to show up in this cafeteria . Sorry for raising my voice . ”

“”Is fine~””

We’ve received the attention of most of the people in the cafeteria, but it can’t be helped .

When we arrived at the plaza, the children clung to my legs and hid under my cloak, so the rumors about them didn’t spread .

“They are not knights or knight apprentices, are they?”

“These children were brought along to take care of the wyverns . They seem to have the innate talent of being loved by them . ”

“Hoh~ beloved children of the wyverns, huh! That’s amazing . ”

“Rather than that, can I ask you for a meal? These kids are apparently starving . ”

“Ohh, sorry about that . I will have it ready in no time . So, three servings?”

“Yeah . ”

Kevin-sam responded smartly . Yeah, I really want to learn how to respond like that .

“Sorry to have you kept waiting!”

The cook placed food on three trays before us and my eyes opened wide .

“So much! Eh, what is this portion? Is this a portion for one!?”

“Isn’t this normal for the body of a working knight? Are things different in Guardia?”

“Oh, this fellow is just an especially light eater . ”

“Is that so? You will get worn-out when it’s important if you don’t eat properly, ya know?”

Today’s menu was a thick steak, a soup with lots of ingredients, and a huge slice of bread . There was even a plate with fruits on the tray .

“”Amaz~””

“Eat a lot . ”

“”Yea!””

“Nono, you are asking impossible! Please reduce it to one portion . ”

“You are asking for one portion for you and the kids? That would be too little, no?”

“It’s plenty! It would be wasteful to leave leftovers, so please reduce the portion for us . ”

“I will reduce it if you ask this much, but… make sure to come to get seconds if you don’t have enough . ”

“Yes, thank you so much . ”

We received the trays that I somehow managed to get a reduced portion of from the cook and made our way to Quigg-san and others .

“Kevin-san, are you really going to eat all of that?”

“If you are asking whether I can eat all of it or not, I can . It wouldn’t be possible if we had training after this . I wouldn’t be able to move . ”

The food was good, but one portion for the three of us was more than enough just as I thought .

Kevin-san looked so slender too, so I was filled with surprise when I saw him and the other knights consume their meals without leaving anything behind .




Chapter 242

The next day, we were taken by Austin-sama to meet the people of Creta .

Thus, I wasn’t wearing the knight uniform, but rather the formal suit I wore during my first audience with Tristan-sama . Naturally, Allen and Elena were dressed up too .

“Your Majesty Maynard, we have kept you waiting . ”

“No worries . You are on time . ”

I thought we would be taken to the audience hall, but this seemed like a normal parlor . Oh, even though I say normal, it’s still a parlor within the castle, so it was quite gorgeous-looking .

There were already a few people inside the room, the man in the middle replied to Austin-sama, so he must be the King of Creta .

Creta’s king——Maynard-sama, appears to be of the same generation as Tristan-sama, he had olive-brown hair and eyes . He was solidly built——a muscular macho man . Anyhow, he was big . Even though he was sitting, I felt that his line of sight was matching the line of sight of me, who was standing .

“Austin-dono, is that the rumored one?”

“Yes, he’s the creator of the instant soup I have told you about yesterday . The adventurer Takumi and his siblings . Takumi, this is the King of Creta, His Majesty Maynard . ”

“I am Takumi . It’s an honor to meet you, Your Majesty . ”

“You can call me Maynard . I will be calling you Takumi too, after all . I’ve heard about this from Austin-dono, but you’ve made something incredible, Takumi!”

Maynard-sama seemed to be a cheerful person .

What’s more, he was quite friendly, someone who didn’t care about etiquette too much… I think?

“That thing is really amazing! Cooking soup that easily is revolutionary! It should be circulating the market as soon as possible! Also, thanks for bringing it to our land!”

Maynard-sama approached us and clapped cheerfully on my shoulder .

… However, looking at him up close, he looks even bigger~

“Erm, can I take it as a positive reply?”

“Of course . Only a fool would decline getting rights of manufacturing and sales of that thing . I would be troubled if your terms are too rash, but I will happily accommodate you to some extent!”

Apparently, he is likely to sign the contract with us even if the terms are more favorable to us .

“Father, calm down a little . It’s rude of you to leave the guests standing . ”

“Oh, right! Sorry about that, Austin-dono, Takumi . Sit down please . ”

“Thank you very much, Your Majesty . ”

It was a young man about the same age as me who rebuked Maynard-sama . He addressed Maynard-sama as “Father”, so he must be a prince, no?

“I apologize for the delayed greetings . I’m Takumi . It’s a pleasure to meet you . ”

Guided to our seats, I sat next to Austin-sama . Of course, Allen and Elena as well .

When I took a seat, I introduced myself again .

“My name is Rain, the Second Prince of Creta . I apologize for my Father . He has a tendency to get wild easily, but I can guarantee his good character as his son, so please be patient with him . ”

Rain-sama’s hair and eyes were the same olive-brown as Maynard-sama, but the impression he gave off wasn’t similar whatsoever . Both in physique and personality .

“Nono, I’m an adventurer and a simple commoner, so… you don’t have to stoop down to my status . ”

“A simple commoner? That wouldn’t be true . A simple commoner wouldn’t get acquainted with a royalty who would bring them to a foreign country to form a contract . ”

“……”

Ehh~ No, I know that I am a little out of the ordinary, okay? But, I wonder if I am so much out of the ordinary by meeting a royalty like this? N~ acting like the common people is difficult~

Rather, Austin-sama turned his gaze away and his body was trembling . He’s definitely laughing .

“… Austin-sama . ”

“S, sorry . But, you know Takumi, it’s about time you realize you aren’t normal . ”

“I might be considered normal if I keep talking about it~… can’t I?”

“No, that’s impossible . In the first place, commoners can’t be acquainted with the royalty of three countries . ”

“… I thought so~”

Guardia, Argo, Creta . The course of events made me get to know the kings and princes of all these countries~ Huh? But, I have yet to see a genuine princess, right~

“It looks like he’s not unaware of it . ”

“Yeah . That’s Takumi for you . He occasionally feigns ignorance, but he’s an honest lad . ”

I am not feigning ignorance, though~

“Well then, let’s get down the business, Your Majesty Maynard, Rain-dono . These are the terms of the instant soup contract . Please take a look . ”

Austin-sama received the documents from a servant and handed them to Maynard-sama and Rain-sama .

“Now this is… you are intending to sell it quite cheap . ”

“It’s a price anyone can afford . That was Takumi’s wish . ”

“Even though you could make money if you put your mind on it, but you have disregarded your own profits . That’s not something others could do so easily . However, it would be certainly for the better of the country to spread the soup as much as possible . ”

“Umu, I have no doubts that the knights, merchants, and adventurers will have a much easier time thanks to this soup! I wish this was around when I was active!”

“N?”

When Maynard-sama was active? Erm, you are still in the power of the king, so you are still active, no?

“My Father was apparently wandering around as an adventurer when he was young . ”

“Eh? You were an adventurer!?”

“Umu . I climbed up to A-rank, but I, unfortunately, wasn’t able to reach the S-rank . ”

“Ohh!”

Since he climbed up to A-rank, it means he wasn’t playing around but took it seriously!

Or rather, there really are adventurers among the royalty, huh!

“I heard you are already A-rank . You are still young, so I’m sure you will reach the S-rank soon!”

“Err… I wonder about that . I don’t have much of actual experience, after all . ”

“You certainly need more than simple combat skills the higher rank you climb . However, what is needed to raise from A to S is pure strength . ”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah, do your best . ”

It’s difficult to reply with “Yes” especially for me who is not really aiming to be the top adventurer .

“”Will do my best~””

The children responded cheerfully instead of me who was struggling to answer .

Well, it’s okay since everyone was smiling .




Chapter 243

There seemed to be no problems with the details of the contract in general, but as you’d expect, a quick decision on something on the national scope couldn’t be made right away, so it was left for later . Although it was left for later, the contract was mostly set in stone, so my role was almost finished .

Well, I still have the job as a guard, but since there are people proficient in it, there’s no place for me to step in .

“How about doing some shopping around the town~”

“”Will go shopping~!””

I was told that it would be okay to spend the time outside of my shift as we like as long as we didn’t ruffle any feathers, so I thought of doing some shopping in the town .

“Takumi, are you going outside?”

“Yes, this is our first time in Creta, so I thought we’d take a stroll around . The weather is good too . ”

“Would you mind if I tagged along?”

“Are you on a break, Kevin-san? We, of course, wouldn’t mind, but we had not decided on the destination, so we are expecting to wander around . ”

Although I say that we will be wandering around, I feel that I will be biased towards shops with Creta’s specialty products… is Kevin-san fine with that?

“I have nothing else to do anyway . Oh, I can take you to a shop that sells dungeon ingredients if you want? It’s a shop that deals with things found in the nearby dungeon . ”

“Please take me there!”

“Kuku, sure thing . ”

Kevin-san laughed at me when I replied to him .

But, when you present me with a shop that I would like to visit right away, I have no choice but to ask you to take me there!

“Shall we go then?”

“”Let’s go~ let’s go~””

We used the exit for the castle’s personnel and walked into a lively street .

“”Which way~?””

“N? The shopping street is east of here, so… to the left . ”

“”Left~!””

“Allen, Elena, let’s go a bit slower . ”

“”Okay~””

The children grabbed my hands, saying “Quickly, quickly” and pulling me around while looking around with excitement .

“How many times have you been to this town before, Kevin-san?”

“Twice . Though I say that, it was on the official business the last time . So don’t expect too much from me, as I don’t know much about the town . ”

“Nono, I’m already very grateful that you know the way to the shop I wanted to see . ”

There’s nothing wrong with wandering around places you don’t know because it’s fun .

“But, why do you know the location of the dungeon goods shop so precisely?”

“My colleague said he bought something from there, so I searched for it the next day . ”

“Heeh~ is that so?”

“Oh, we are here . ”

We arrived at the shop while talking .

“”Ohh~””

“This is quite…”

Various things were displayed in the shop . From food to unidentified items .

“Sorry about this . It’s all jumbled together, right?”

A man past his middle-age approached us as soon as we entered . He must the shopkeeper .

“The goods seem to be sorted into different types to some extent, but… it does feel that way a little . ”

“I thought so~ I thought of sorting things out, but there are many things that come from the dungeon with unknown use~”

“Oh, I see . So it’s like that . ”

Now that he says it, there are certainly things you wouldn’t know what they are for at a glimpse .

In my case, I can always use Appraisal when I see something I am not sure about, but that’s not how things normally go~

Oh, aren’t these vanilla beans!

“I fundamentally buy ingredients and herbs, but these things I purchased from some young adventurers . ”

“Did you get caught up in their crying act? You will lose your shop if you keep responding, you know?”

“I am properly aware of that . ”

Kevin-san advised the shopkeeper with an understanding look .

“Caught up in crying act?”

“Takumi, what are you making such a curious face for?”

“No… I just don’t understand a little . ”

“You look here, the newbie adventurers don’t have the knowledge and their judgment is poor, so they bring back everything they can carry . Most of them of no value . They will reach a point in their lives where they will be able to bring back valuables once they gain enough experience, but they have to make living until then . ”

Oh, that’s what he was talking about . Normally, you can only carry so much, plus you need to save up strength to fight . And if you are a rookie, you probably don’t even have a magic bag .

If they bring back a lot of junk that doesn’t make much money, they are going to cry to the shopkeepers for some payment, no?

Sheesh~ Considering that, having Infinite Storage is really great .

“I see, it appears you never had this problem, Takumi . ”

“Thankfully, yes . ”

Kevin-san is aware of my Infinite Storage, so he guessed I don’t have the typical rookie experiences . Oh, I do still consider myself a rookie, though .

“Oh, you lads are adventurers too?”

“These children and I are adventurers . He’s not . ”

“”Adventurers~””

“Ehh, these little pipsqueaks too!? You must have your hardships even though you are this young . ”

“?”

This shopkeeper recognizes “young adventurer = hardships” . I do look young and I have to small kids with me, so he must have thought I am having quite a difficult time .

Well, if he gets tricked by crying adventurers all this time then it’s no wonder he misunerstood~

“I’m luckily not having that much of a difficult time . By the way, I will buy this . How much is it?”

I secured a bottle of more than a dozen vanilla beans from the shelf where obscure items were gathered .

“Lad, you know what this is?”

“I believe it should be a flavoring . ”

“Flavoring? They look just like withered twigs to me . ”

“I don’t know whether it’s the same thing I know, but… I often purchased these things that looked like withered twigs . ”

“You must have had a difficult time paying for food back in those days . ”

“……”

This shopkeeper must be a really good person .

“In any case, I would appreciate if you could buy this off of me . N~ how about 50G?”

“All right . Umm, how many are in there? About twenty?”

“Wait a moment . It’s all for 50G, you know?”

“Eh? It wasn’t the price for a single stick?”

To think it was the price for the entire jar . Wouldn’t that make it dirt cheap?

“Please make sure you are going to make a profit out of this . ”

“It’s okay . ”

So he can make a profit even though it’s this cheap?

Just how much at wits’ end were the adventurers who sold it to him?

“”Onii~ chan . ””

“N? What is it?”

“”Can buy this?””

As I was taking pity on the adventurers I have never met before, the children who were scavenging through the obscure items brought a soft-looking red ball-shaped object .

I didn’t what it was, so when I appraised it, it said it was a jellyfish remains .

“… Do you know what that is?”

“”No, dunno . ””

“But, it’s softy-soft~”

“And comfyyy~”

It seems to have a nice feel to it .

“Oh, you are right . ”

When I gave it a try, it was like the children said . Very pleasant to touch .

“You can buy it, but don’t try eating it even by a mistake . ”

“”Okay~””

The two must have liked it quite a lot as they kept playing with the soft corpse of a jellyfish .




Chapter 244

“Which reminds me, from what dungeon the items in this shop come from?”

Recalling that I forgot to ask which dungeon the goods in this shop were found, I immediately asked .

“They are mainly from the ‘Mineral Dungeon’ southeast of the Capital . ”

“Mineral, huh . ”

Hm, the Dungeon of Minerals, huh . That place is a dungeon of Earth attribute, isn’t it?

“”Wanna go to dungeon~!””

Hearing about the dungeon, the twins immediately made a ruckus .

“We are at work, so it won’t be possible . ”

“”Ehh~ no matter what~?”

“No matter what . We will have to visit a dungeon another time . ”

“”Too bad . ””

They gave up obediently today . Did they understand properly after I told them we are at work? Or is it because they are busy treasure hunting among these obscure items? Either way, I’m glad they did not give me a hard time persuading them .

“Then, how about we look around to see whether they have something nice by a chance?”

“”Okay~””

That being the case, when I joined the kids to look through the obscure items——

“Onii~ chan, this, a bit different from the other roo~ts . ”

“Oh, there’s greater burdock mixed in . A vegetable . Moreover, it looks fresh-ish . Good job, Elena . ”

“Yay~”

Elena found greater burdock . It was tied in a bundle together with real tree roots, but I tilted my head puzzledly, feeling uncomfortable .

Did he buy it thinking that they were tree roots? The shopkeeper really buys anything, doesn’t he~

“Onii~ chan, what this~”

“Oh, aren’t those crayons? Allen, you found a good one~”

“Hooray~”

This time, Allen found crayons .

Perhaps because of the shopkeeper’s honest personality, he lumped similarly obscure items together . The crayons of various colors Allen found were packed in a jar .

“What do you use this for~?”

“Mister, we will buy this, let me use it please . ”

“Sure, go ahead . ”

I took out a red crayon from the jar, retrieved a paper from my Infinite Storage and drew a sun on the paper .

“It’s a tool to draw pictures like this . ”

“”Ohh~! Want!””

“Of course, we are buying this, so let’s draw when we return to our room . ”

“”Yeah!””

The children immediately recognized the crayons’ use, so I let them give it a try for a little .

“Hoh~ so you use it that way? I thought the only way to draw was by using pigments . But, this seems like something even children could use . ”

I see, so they don’t have crayons, colored pencils, and watercolor paints here . No wonder I had not seen them around . I heard that kneading pigments with oil is quite troublesome, and they can be treated as precious stones depending on the raw material they are from, no? Compared to that, crayons are extremely simple . They were found in a place that was easily accessible to the young adventurers . If so, wouldn’t it be easier for the young adventurers to make money if the demand for crayons increased?

“Mister, you said that this shop mainly deals with ingredients and herbs, but wouldn’t you be able to buy these at a proper price and re-sell them? You would help out the young adventurers a lot by doing so…”

“……”

The shopkeeper furrowed at my proposal and sank in silence .

“Oh… the goods you sell are too different, so it wouldn’t be good, right…”

“No, that’s not it . I’d like to accept your proposal young lad, but wouldn’t it be better to bring this idea to the Merchant’s Guild?”

“To the Merchant’s Guild?”

“Takumi, I think so too . That way, these… crayons? I have never seen these things before, after all . Informing the Merchant’s Guild will be infinitely better . ”

“Would that be to the benefit of the young adventurers?”

“Yeah, their value will increase naturally with increased demand . ”

I see, by increasing the demand, the number of shops selling them would increase, and their asking price will go up, too . And the Merchant’s Guild, which has wide networking, would be better suited for that .

Certainly, it would make it easier for me to buy them when needed .

“Err, I understand what you mean, but… sorry to bother you, but can’t you go to the Merchant’s Guild yourself, Mister?”

“I can’t . ”

We just arrived and will be staying here only for a few more days, so going to the Merchant’s Guild seems difficult . That’s why I wanted Mister to take the task himself . It was inevitable, but I got refused .

“Ah~ you should be going yourself this time, Takumi . ”

“Ehh~”

“Ehh~… you say . You are going to get rewarded for discovering new products from dungeons and you should be also getting rewarded for finding its use . ”

Kevin-san explained to me with a tired face .

“Is that so?”

“That is so . Rather, haven’t you already been rewarded once?”

“Eh? I wasn’t?”

“… The liquor you found in the Huge Animals Dungeon . You must have received a cash reward, no? I have no doubts that it was recognized as a new product . ”

“Eh!?”

“Did you not… put up the application?”

“I did not! Rather, this is my first time hearing about a system like this!”

Yeah, I didn’t know . There was nothing about this in the knowledge Syl bestowed me with!

“No! Even if you didn’t apply, there’s no way the people around you would overlook this . They definitely put up an application in your place!”

“… Eh?”

I can’t deny… that, I think?

“Ah!”

I hurriedly took out a piece of paper from my Infinite Storage . It’s something I received when I was depositing money in the Merchant’s Guild in the Guardia’s Capital . There were details written on it!

If I recall correctly, I was surprised by the unexpectedly large amount of money, and I was also shocked that the jelly and mayonnaise were listed too, so I don’t remember seeing it because of that!

“… Ahh~”

Therefore, when I confirmed again… ‘Others (cash bonus)’ was written at the bottom of the paper .

Not only the Nippy Liquor, but I was rewarded for the discovery of Brandy, utilization of Slime Jelly, and even for the Bubble Archon foam .

Who put up the applications for me? Was it Cedric-san or Matthias-san?

“Looks like the people around you didn’t miss it, Takumi . ”

“Yes . ”

As Kevin-san said, there seem to be only reliable people around me . As expected of them .

“However, can I ask you to handle it, after all?”

“Are you still saying it after getting to know about the application?”

“I’d like the cash bonus to be used as a wage for your labor . ”

“That’s nonsense . ”

Even if I said it was a wage, it probably won’t be that much money?

The amount of cash bonus I received is written in detail on this piece of paper, but I wonder if the amount of newly discovered products and usage discovery varies too much?

“Then, I will add extra on top of it . ”

“”Hah?””

If the amount of money was too little, I simply thought to add more on top of it, but… the moment I spoke, Kevin-san and Mister vocalized their shock .

“Takumi, look here~… I think it’s the opposite . ”

“The opposite?”

“Shopkeeper, weren’t you saying that it was too much?”

“Exactly . ”

“Eh? Is that so?”

Oh my~ it was the opposite . I see, so that’s why Kevin-san and Mister looked like that .

“Then, as a representative of adventurers, this is our return gift to you, Mister, who has been helping the young adventurers all this time . ”

Mister seemed to want to say something, but I forcibly made him agree .

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan . ””

“What is it?”

“”Buy this too~””

While we were talking, the children were browsing through the obscure goods at their own pace and selected various things to buy .




Chapter 245

The day after we fully enjoyed our shopping, it has been decided that the instant soup contract will be finally signed .

“Rain-sama, sorry to have kept you waiting . ”

“We just arrived too, so no need to mind it . ”

I visited the designated lounge with Austin-sama .

There, the representative of Creta waiting for us was not Maynard-sama, but Rain-sama instead .

“N?”

Seeing Rain-sama who greeted us, I felt very uncomfortable .

“”Huh~?””

Allen and Elena tilted their heads too .

“What’s the matter, Takumi?”

Seeing my and the children’s reaction, Austin-sama looked at us puzzledly .

“Err… would there not be a problem if someone other than Rain-sama signed the contract?”

Surprisingly, it wasn’t Rain-sama, the second prince, but his little brother, Cloud-sama . Moreover, they were twins! He was Rain-sama’s twin!

Oh, there shouldn’t be a problem since he’s a prince just like Rain-sama?

“”Hah!?””

Everyone who was in the room——Austin-sama, Guardia’s guards and officials, and even the Cretians let out their voices in surprise .

“What do you mean, Takumi?”

“This person over here is not Rain-sama . This is my first time seeing this person . ”

“”Eh!?””

This time, only the Guardia’s people let out their voices as they fixed their gazes on Cloud-sama .

On the other hand, the faces of the Cretians turned pale as their faces started to sweat .

“Are you Cloud-dono by any chance?”

Taken aback, Austin-sama guessed the identity of the man .

As expected, he was aware of their family structure .

“I certainly look similar to my twin Cloud, but I am Rain . ”

Cloud-sama claimed that he was the second prince .

“Takumi, are you sure?”

“Of course . ”

“What is the meaning of this, Cloud-sama . Our Takumi wouldn’t joke about something like this . ”

Austin-sama seemed to believe my words .

“… I never thought I would be seen through . ”

Thinking that he couldn’t keep on deceiving anymore, Cloud-sama acknowledged it was him .

“Austin-dono, Takumi-dono, please pardon me for trying to deceive you . ”

The cupboard in the lounge moved and Rain-sama came in . It was the real Rain-sama this time .

Rather, a moving cupboard… that’s a secret door, isn’t it? Is this fine? Moving the cupboard while we are here~

“”Ohh~!””

“Ah, Allen, Elena, you can’t . ”

The kids were very interested in the moving cupboard, so I hurriedly stopped them when they tried to approach .

“It’s fine . This is no secret door or anything, after all . ”

“Eh?”

“Some time ago, our drunken Father broke the wall, so thinking it would be amusing if we could make a use of it, we simply put a cupboard in its place, so this hole is just connected to the adjourning room . ”

“……”

… Erm, what do I interject about?

That Maynard-sama destroys walls while drunk? Or that Rain-sama thought using a cupboard instead of fixing the wall was amusing? Or perhaps… that it’s only two adjourning rooms connected together?

No, I cannot interject to any of this, it will be my loss if I mind it .

“However, you did well noticing, Takumi . I couldn’t tell whatsoever . ”

Ah, yes . Austin-sama proceeded with the conversation, so it’s my cue to ignore it .

“Austin-sama, have you forgotten that my little siblings are twins?”

I glanced down at Allen and Elena standing near my legs, who even now were looking at the cupboard while fidgeting .

“They are distinctly different because of their different genders, but their conduct is so similar even to the extent of synchronizing their movements . ”

“Oh, indeed… you can tell them apart by their appearances, but their movements are surprisingly similar . Especially the way they talk…”

True . Allen and Elena often say the say thing at the same time . There are times where they don’t too, but the two speak together to convey what they want to say .

“”Uniyu?””

When the people in the room turned towards them, they curiously tilted their heads to the side .

Yep, totally in sync .

“Compared to these kids, Rain-sama and Cloud-sama are easy to tell apart for me . ”

Rain-sama and Cloud-sama’s faces look exactly the same, but I had a feeling they were deliberately trying to look like each other . A little of their facial expressions, hand movements, blinking… each had their own habits .

Well, even if I don’t observe them carefully, I can tell them apart instantly by using Appraisal . In fact, I felt something was wrong so I confirmed with Appraisal a little while ago . I won’t tell them that, though .

“Allen, Elena, this is your first time encountering twins like yourselves, so how about you redirect your attention from the cupboard to them?”

“”Twins~?””

“Yeah . Rain-sama and Cloud-sama . They look alike, right?”

Listening to me, Allen and Elena alternated their gazes between Rain-sama and Cloud-sama for the first time .

“”Ohh~! Same~!””

Just noticing, Allen and Elena let out surprised voices .

They were so enthralled by the cupboard they did not look at Cloud-sama and Rain-sama’s voices whatsoever .

“I see, I cannot fool the eyes of Takumi-dono who has siblings who naturally behave like this . ”

“It means we still have a way to go . ”

Looking at Allen and Elena’s conduct, Rain-sama and Cloud-sama shrugged their shoulders in a loss .

“I’m truly sorry about this . Let me introduce myself then, I am the third prince of Creta, Cloud . ”

“I’m sorry for playing pranks on you . ”

“Nono, it was quite interesting entertainment . ”

After taking a seat, Rain-sama and Cloud-sama apologized once again . Austin-sama didn’t seem to be offended in any way as he accepted the two’s apology .

Well, I’m not sure about the negotiations, but this was thankfully a public place . I’m glad it was taken as a sideshow since it could have become a serious matter .

“I appreciate your open-mindedness . To tell you the truth, this is something our Father came up with…”

“His Majesty Maynard did?”

Rain-sama, who looked relieved, revealed a surprising truth .

Maynard-sama… what are you making your kids do!! It could have become an international problem if handled poorly, you know!!

“Yes, he told us to prepare three types of contracts . ”

“Three types? Let’s see~ I guess two of them would be for either noticing or not noticing that it wasn’t you, Rain-sama, but…”

“The last one is after that . In case you felt something was wrong but did not point it out . ”

“Oh, I see . ”

Austin-sama immediately understood what Rain-sama had in plan…

Doesn’t he understand way too fast? I couldn’t keep up with the rapid development of the conversation .

But well, Austin-sama seems to understand, so I should just leave it to him~

“Austin-dono, Rain . You are leaving Takumi-dono behind . ”

Seeing that I couldn’t keep up, Cloud-sama stopped the two .

It looks like staying in the observer mode was hopeless, so I gave up and put my thoughts back in order .




Chapter 246

“Sorry about that, Takumi . ”

“I beg your pardon, Takumi-dono . ”

“Nono, I don’t mind, so don’t worry about apologizing . ”

The princes apologized, but I couldn’t stand it . I really want them to stop .

“And so, Takumi . Creta has tested us… or rather, they tested you, Takumi . Do you understand that?”

“Eh, is that so? Not you and the Guardia?”

Austin-sama seemed shocked too, so wasn’t he unaware that Rain-sama and Cloud-sama changed places with each other?

“I didn’t know exactly what he had in mind, but His Majesty Maynard had informed me beforehand . ”

I thought that Maynard-sama was a bold person, but he seems to be fully prepared in each direction . Well, wouldn’t that be only natural for someone who governs an entire country?

“Let me explain . The contracts Father prepared include one in which we would use Takumi-dono’s condition in case you noticed us . In case you felt something was wrong but did not say anything, we would go with what we discussed the other day . And, if you did not notice whatsoever, we intended of adding a few conditions of our own . ”

“Ehh~ was that so?”

When Rain-sama explained in detail, it was actually relatively simple .

It seems that Maynard-sama wanted to test me and adjust the contract based on the result of the test .

“… Is that all?”

“What do you mean?”

When I showed convinced expression after Rain-sama finished explaining, it was he who was making a baffling expression this time .

“Let’s see, don’t you find it uncomfortable that we tried to test you, or aren’t you worried about the conditions we would set in case we deemed that you failed… or something?”

Apparently, Rain-sama was doubtful since I was quite nonchalant about the whole thing .

But, I don’t really have any thoughts regarding the contract’s conditions, so I can only react like this .

“N~… not really——oh, I was surprised . ”

I was surprised that Rain-sama and Cloud-sama were twins, I was also surprised that the cupboard moved, and I was also surprised that this prank was started by Maynard-sama himself~

Yep, I was undoubtedly “surprised” .

“”Surprised~””

Allen and Elena were of the same opinion . I think the cupboard was the most interesting to them, though~

“”The cupboard was amazing~””

“”Eh? T, the cupboard?””

As I thought . The kids said what I was thinking, causing Rain-sama and Cloud-sama be stunned at the same time .

“”Wanna look closer~ can we?””

“”… Ehh . ””

“”Can we?””

“Yeah, go ahead . ”

Seeing that Rain-sama and Cloud-sama wouldn’t properly reply to them, they sought permission from Austin-sama . When he gave them permission, they then turned towards me with smiles on their faces .

To look at me after resolving a potential problem… that’s pretty slick .

“… Just for a little . You cannot leave the room . ”

“”Got it~! Going!””

The kids jumped down from their chairs and made their way towards the moving cupboard . They tried to move the cupboard and were peeking into the adjacent room .

“They seemed to be interested in it all this time, but it seems they weren’t able to endure any longer . ”

“Yes, indeed . I’m sorry for their restlessness . ”

“Nono, it’s tough for kids to stay still for a long time, after all . ——Well then, how about we finish the discussion before the kids come back?”

Austin-sama who watched the kids warmly directed his gaze towards Rain-sama and Cloud-sama .

“Since Takumi noticed His Majesty’s ploy this time, there is no doubt we will go with conditions set by Takumi, right?”

“Yes, that is correct . ”

“And that’s the case . Takumi, are there any other conditions you want to add?”

“Eh!?”

There’s no way I could come up with something if you asked me this suddenly .

“… I can’t think of anything, so please give me your suggestions . ”

“Let me think~ How about increasing your interest rate——”

“No, thank you . ”

“I thought so . ”

They say that I wouldn’t have to worry about money, but I’ve got more than enough to spend already, so I don’t need any more than this . I think it’s a luxurious problem to have, but the present me can easily make a lot of money .

Thus, I instantly refused Austin-sama’s suggestion . Then, Austin-sama nodded, saying “I knew it . ”

“How about a ‘network’?”

“Network… you say?”

“If there’s something you want or you are searching for something… we can get you the information . ”

“I see…”

Something I want . Erm, is there something like that, I wonder~

“It seems you can’t think of anything . ——Rain-dono, how about this? Let’s leave it on a favor, if there’s something Takumi has difficulty with, you just have to lend him a helping hand . Why don’t we do that?”

“I can’t say that we will be absolutely of help, but we can give advice or lend a hand . I don’t mind doing it like that . ”

“Takumi, how about it?”

“Y, yeah . Let’s leave it at that . ”

I feel that having a royal family’s favor is quite a serious matter, but there’s no better place to run to if something goes wrong .

That being the case, the contents of the instant soup contract we discussed the other day were safely signed .

“”Onii~ chan!””

After the contract was signed, the fully satisfied children finally returned in a good mood .

“Welcome back . How was it?”

“”Amusing! Want it!””

“Nonono, what do you want?”

“”A moving cupboard?””

Why did it turn into a question?

And even if you have a moving cupboard, it’s just a cupboard .

“Even if you have a moving cupboard, you have no place to install it, right?”

“”I see~ unlucky . ””

Oh my, they let go of it immediately this time .

They are not that selfish to begin with, but it’s been really helpful that they have been so obedient recently

“Then, should you not say thank you for showing it to you?”

“”Yeah . ——Thank you . ”

Listening to what I said, the children bowed their heads to Rain-sama and Cloud-sama .

“”Onii~ chan, want snacks!””

“……”

My children are not selfish, but they sure do things at their own pace… what do they call this? Going my way?

“Takumi, I want snacks too . ”

Austin-sama took the opportunity to agree .

“Allen, Elena, what is your suggestion today?”

“”Mmm~ shaved ice?””

“Shaved ice? What kind of thing is that?”

“”You see~ it’s like snow~””

“Cold~”

“And sweet~”

It’s an exchange of someone who already finalized the snack time . Oh, well~

“Takumi, that’s a new kind of a dessert, isn’t it? Why did you not tell me about it before? There wasn’t anything about it in the letter?”

“Nonono, I made shaved ice back in the capital, so I naturally wouldn’t write about it in the letter . I mean, even if I made it after leaving the capital, I wouldn’t normally write about stuff like that, no!?”

“No, I would be troubled if you did not report about that . I could use it to please my Mother . ”

“Ehh!?”

I knew Tristan-sama was weak against Grace-sama, but is it the same for Austin-sama, too?

So that means Grace-sama is the strongest there .

“Rather, aren’t they already being sold in Guardia’s capital?”

Grandpa Sol and Stefan-san were fired up and they wanted to start the sales before it gets too hot .

“Is that so?”

“Yes, the Fiji Company were eager to sell it, after all . ”

“I see . I will confirm immediately upon returning . However, I will have to put up a request with you for now . ”

“”Shaved ice~””

Rain-sama and Cloud-sama were curious about the shaved ice too, so the snack time was decided upon, and I made shaved ice for everyone .




Chapter 247

“”Delish~””

“This is quite delicious, isn’t it~”

“”This is!””

When I poured syrup made from the Margo fruit on the fluffily shaved ice, and served it with diced margo fruit, everyone ate it deliciously .

“Ice that has been shaved with a fruit syrup on top, huh . The method of making this is not something that unusual, so I find it strange why no one has tried making this before . ”

“True . Moreover, don’t you think it’s perfect for the coming season? We have to urgently acquire the magic tool Takumi-dono used to make this!”

“You said the Fiji Company deals with these? Let’s inquire about this right away . ”

“I don’t think we have this Fiji Company here, no? Wouldn’t it be faster to sent people to Guardia?”

“That’s true . Let’s do that then . ”

“Alright . Next we have to tell the chefs to make some syrups from fruits . ”

“Let’s have them make all kinds of syrups . ”

Rain-sama and Cloud-sama seemed to like it very much and were discussing various things so that they could enjoy it in the future .

“Fufu, I will arrange the magic tool for you . I am also intending to get one, so I will send you one——Takumi, you can get it from the Fiji Company, right?”

“Yes, it’s made by a magic tool craftsman who is on good terms with the Fiji Company, so I think it will be fine if you contact that person through them . ”

“We will leave it in your hands then, Austin-dono . ”

“Yes, leave it to me . ”

Austin-sama was eager to get his hands on the magic tool .

“We will have to thank Takumi-dono for introducing us to something this good . ”

“Indeed~ How about we show them to him?”

“Oh, those children? However, can that be considered as showing gratitude?”

“We just have to ask, right?——Hey, Takumi-dono . I heard that that the wyverns got attached to you and the kids . Do you like animals by any chance?”

I don’t need thanks since it was just a snack for the children . Rather, didn’t the way Cloud-sama speaks change a little?

“”Huh~? The way you speak changed~?””

Certainly, Rain-sama’s way of speaking hasn’t changed, but Cloud-sama’s speech pattern crumbled a little .

“Ah, I am sorry about this . I am trying to be careful, but the way I speak returns back to my usual when I stop thinking about it . ”

Being pointed out by the children, Cloud-sama tried to correct himself in a panic .

I see, so his true self has come out .

“We won’t mind if you talk to us how you normally speak . Oh, but Austin-sama is with us, so it wouldn’t be possible?”

“No, I don’t mind either . The contract has been already signed, after all . ”

The official business is over and the rest was a private matter, so Austin-sama kindly agreed .

“Thank you very much, Austin-dono, Takumi-dono . ”

“Oh, I’d be happy if you didn’t use honorifics when addressing me . ”

“That so? I won’t be holding back and call you Takumi then . Unlike Rain, I’m poor with formalities . It really saves trouble . ”

Heeh~ So that means Rain-sama and Cloud-sama’s personalities are considerably different .

“I’m also not very good with honorifics, so it’s very helpful when you don’t use them . ”

“Haha, roger that . ”

“Thank you very much . Oh, by the way, what did you mean by asking us about liking animals? Well, I don’t dislike then and the children…”

“”Love~””

“So they say . ”

Once it became easier to talk to Cloud-sama, I immediately returned back to the topic .

“I thought of showing you our country’s treasures if you liked them . ”

“Treasures… you say?”

“Yep . They are something like the Guardia’s wyverns, are you interested?”

Cloud-sama wouldn’t tell me directly, but it must be something incredible if compared to the wyverns . They must be high-ranked monsters, but… I wonder which?

“I’m very curious . ”

“”Wanna see~””

The children already had excited expressions on their faces .

“I see . How about we go now if you have time?”

“”Let’s go~!””

“Erm, are we fine to go? We are still technically in the middle of the work, so… no?”

“I don’t mind . ”

“”Yay!””

“But, I’m uneasy letting you go alone, so have Kevin accompany you . ——Kevin, I will be fine, so you accompany Takumi’s and the kids . ”

“Understood . ”

Austin-sama gave us permission and it has been decided that we will go take a look at the Creta’s treasured animals, but Kevin-san was ordered to tag along with us .

Isn’t it strange for someone like me who came to Creta as a guard to be accompanied by another guard…?

Huh? When Kevin-san went out with us yesterday, was he perhaps instructed to watch over us too… that can’t be, right?

“What are you uneasy about?”

“I’m worried about the results, rather than your actions . We are here as guests, so please don’t angle too much disturbance . ”

“Nonono, a, angle? What are we angling!?”

“Of course, I’m talking about what you will be shown . You have a criminal record of attracting wyverns on your first meeting, so I can only imagine what is going to happen next . ”

If they are monsters raised by humans than there’s a possibility of being accepted positively .

There is, but… it’s not like we are going fishing!

“It’s not something we can influence, so I think it might be better to give up…”

I wasn’t trying to get accepted by the wyverns when we met them, so it’s not something I can avoid on my own .

“Yes, I am aware . That’s why I will have Kevin accompany you . It’s necessary to hear a report from third party about what occurred . ”

“I don’t really understand, but you are saying that Takumi and the kids are supposedly able to tame monsters beyond our comprehension?”

“Yes, I don’t think there will be a problem if you have that awareness . Cloud-dono, it’s better if you mentally prepare . ”

“I see, I understand . Thank you for your advice . ”

This is… would it be better to live up to their expectations now?

“”Quick, quick, we wanna see!””

“Oh, right . Let’s go then . ——Rain, I will take Takumi and the kids, you handle the rest . ”

“Alright, go ahead . Cloud, you might have gotten permission, but make sure not to be too rude please . ”

“I know . ”

◇ ◇ ◇

The place Cloud-sama took us to seemed like beast stables .

“They seem to be outside right now . Can you see them over there?”

“”Where~?””

“Look, over there . ”

“”Oh, there they are~””

“That’s…”

Cloud-sama pointed to the open space that stretched out behind the beast stables, and there were monsters with a lion-like body and an eagle-like head and wings . They were… S-ranked gryphon .

The beings Cloud-sama treated as “treasures” were really incredible!




Chapter 248

“”Ohh~!””

As expected, we didn’t approach too close, but I could feel their impressiveness from a reasonably close spot .

“They are quite big, aren’t they~”

“”Yea, big~””

They were a little bigger than Joule or Feat, but slightly smaller than Vector .

“Are they basking in the sun?”

“”Looks comfy~””

“Indeed~”

The weather today is very good, so the gryphons were sprawled on the ground, enjoying the sunshine .

“What do you think?”

“”Amaz~””

“Right! It’s fine to get a little bit closer . ”

“”Really?””

“Yeah . But, you will have to stop when told to . ”

“”Okay!””

We slowly closed the distance between us and the gryphons .

“Please stop right here . ”

A young knight of a similar status to the Guardia’s dragon riders stopped us, saying we cannot approach any closer .

“”No more?””

“Yes, any more than this and the gryphons will feel intimidated . ”

As the young man said, the gryphons seemed to notice that we were approaching and raised their heads that were resting on the ground to observe us .

Then, Allen and Elena stared fixedly at the gryphons .

“… Takumi, what are the kids doing?”

Perhaps finding the children acting strange since they were staring at the gryphons for a few minutes, Cloud-sama questioned me .

“Err… they are greeting them?”

“Greeting? The gryphons?”

“Yes . But, a staring contest would be more correct, I think?”

“Either way, it’s not something you should do with the gryphons . ”

“Well, my children are not normal, after all . ”

“… I see . ”

Cloud-sama didn’t say anything further and began observing the children .

They weren’t doing anything dangerous, so he let them do as they please .

“… Guru . ”

A short time later, the gryphon closest to us let out a little cry and bowed its head .

“”Won!””

Before long, the children seemed to win the staring contest as the two raised their hands overhead when the gryphon lowered its head .

“Ah~…”

“Wha!?”

Moreover, in the moment of happiness, the two started running towards the gryphon, so I unconsciously let out a voice .

Cloud-sama also raised his voice in surprise .

“Wha! That’s, that’s dangerous!”

The beast knight young man’s face turned pale .

However, Allen and Elena embraced the gryphon as if nothing had happened .

“”Ohh~ so soft~””

Without regard to other people’s feelings, the twins rubbed their faces against the feathers of the gryphon .

“Hey there, Allen, Elena! You were told to not act on your own!”

“”But~””

“No buts!”

“”Au~… I’m sorry . ””

I approached the gryphon and the frolicking children, and scold them merely for form’s sake .

I mean, the beast knight looks pitiful with his face so pale . Well, it would be a big problem if the people His Highness guided here would get hurt, after all~

“Gururu . ”

Then, the gryphon who let itself obediently be touched by the twins stood up and made its way to my side, nuzzling its big head to my chest .

“Huh… they are unexpectedly amiable, aren’t they?”

“”Nonono! They are definitely not!””

Its cute gestures were like those of a pet dog .

However, the beast knight young man and Cloud-sama promptly denied .

“I’ve never seen acting them in this way even though I usually take care of them!”

It appears they are not that friendly .

Since the gryphons took liking to us after the wyverns did, we might have quite a likeable constitution or something .

Wyverns and gryphons, huh~ Huh? Is it perhaps because they are wind-attributed monsters that they are amiable to me, the Wind God’s retainer… or something like that?

No, but wouldn’t it be strange for them to act this intimate with Allen and Elena then? The two of them are the Water God’s lineage, after all . So does that mean it doesn’t have to do anything with attributes? N~ I guess I will never find out .

“Ta, Takumi . ”

“Yes?——Huh?”

When I came back after being immersed in my own thoughts thanks to Cloud-sama, I noticed that the gryphons scattered around were suddenly gathering around us .

“”Gururu . ””

“”Wow!””

Before I noticed, two gryphons with Allen and Elena on their backs, suddenly flapped their wings and rose into the sky .

“Ehh!?”

“”Yaay~!””

That surprised me quite a bit too and I couldn’t help but shout .

… The children seemed to be pleased, though .

“Err… can this be considered a kidnapping, I wonder?”

Ah, but, they seem to be circling, so they don’t seem to be taking them away?

“The gryphons are kidnapping them? W, what do we do about this!!”

I was calm, but Cloud-sama who found this situation too unexpected was feeling apologetic and guilty .

“Cloud-sama, it’s fine-ish . ”

“Eh?”

“They are not flying too far, they seem to be playing . ”

“B, but… what do we do if they fall?”

“Ah~ I think it will be fine . Well, I can catch them if they fall by any chance . ”

“Still…”

I cannot imagine Allen and Elena falling off of the gryphons . If they did, they could land lightly on their own, and even if they couldn’t, I would be able to catch them .

But, Cloud-sama didn’t seem to be convinced .

“Allen, Elena~ Cloud-sama is worried, so please come back~”

“”Ehh~””

First, I asked the children to come back to reassure Cloud-sama, but they seemed displeased .

N~ something that would attract their attention… food? Will they come back if I lure them with food?

“If you come back right now, I will prepare whatever you like for the dinner~”

“”Really? Then, coming back~””

The reply was quick . The two’s gluttony is stable~

“”Here I go~””

Not sure what they were thinking, Allen and Elena suddenly stood up and jumped down without any hesitation .

“Oy!”

I used wind magic in a hurry to catch the two kids .

I said I would catch them if they fell, but I did not consider them jumping off on their own .

“You cannot do that so suddenly . ”

“”Is fine with Onii~ chan around!””

Allen and Elena apparently jumped off with the belief I would catch them .

I’m happy they trust me so much, but I would like to have time to prepare . For the people around, not me!

“Even if it’s fine, you have to say a few words beforehand the next time . ”

“”Okay~””

I will be troubled if they repeat this next time, but I cautioned them just in case .




Chapter 249

“”… Guru . ””

Following Allen and Elena, the gryphons who took the children away, swooped down to the ground with a sulky look .

“Guru!”

Then, the biggest gryphon who stood next to me, let out a noise as if scolding them . The scolded two animals hung their heads down .

Is it perhaps the top dog among the gryphons?

Somehow, when I stroked that gryphons neck, it snuggled up to me in a spoiled manner . There was no dignity in its appearances… or did I have just a wrong impression?

“Takumi, it would be best to deal with these ones, too . ”

Kevin-san who maintained his position of… a mere attendant, advised me to deal with the situation as I couldn’t just keep silent . Following his advice, I looked where Kevin-san was looking——

“… Jumping down from that height… that’s ridiculous, isn’t it?”

“Y, Your Highness, just who are these people!?”

Cloud-sama and the Beast Knight young man seemed very confused .

Moreover, it weren’t only those two, other Beast Knights and gryphon caretakers were staring at us from a distance!

“His Highness’ prediction was spot on . It seems you have caught as many ‘fish’ as possible . ”

“It wasn’t my intention whatsoever, though . ”

“Well, it’s just what it means being you, no? Rather than that, how are you going to calm them down?”

“Err… what do you think I should do, Kevin-san?”

“Takumi, just do your best!”

… It appears that cheering me on is as far as he’s willing to help .

“… Allen, Elena, won’t you charge at Cloud-sama for a little? Like you did to Matthias-san and others . ”

“”Got it~””

“… Eh?”

I said it jokingly, but the twins really started charging at Cloud-sama .

Moreover, the gryphons joined them .

I didn’t think they would seriously consider charing (hugging) at Cloud-sama, since Matthias-san and Rebecca-san are people they consider a family, but——

“”Chargeee!””

“Whoah!”

They really charged at Cloud-sama and brought him to the ground .

“”Huh~?””

They were always caught, so they were stunned by the situation that was different from usual .

“Cloud-sama, are you okay!?”

“Are you injured?”

“Oh, I’m fine . ”

“I’m sorry . I am really sorry!”

“No, don’t mind it . I was just taken by a surprise . ”

I quickly lifted up Allen and Elena from Cloud-sama’s body and helped Cloud-sama up .

“”Sorry~””

Wondering whether they did something wrong, Allen and Elena’s expressions looked dejected .

“I’m telling you it’s fine . Don’t make such face at me . ”

Cloud-sama looked at the twins’ faces and patted their heads with a wry smile .

“Sorry about that . I did not have much interaction with children their age, so I did not know what to expect . ”

“… I am truly sorry about this . ”

We were able to return Cloud-sama to sanity, but found ourselves in a different kind of trouble .

“Let’s see~ I will forgive you if you include me in the meal you have promised the kids earlier . ”

“Eh? Meal?”

Struck with an idea, Cloud-sama promptly made a proposal .

Cloud-sama seemed quite panicked at that time, but it seems he was able to grasp my interaction with the children clearly .

“Yeah . The children were having so much fun with the gryphons yet their attitude changed immediately . Is the food you make so tasty?”

“”It’s super delish♪””

“I see . The shaved ice was also great . I’m looking forward to it!”

Seeing the children with big smiles on their faces, Cloud-sama looked at me with expectations .

Well, trading food for our previous disrespect seems a favorable transaction, so I’m fine with it, but don’t set your expectations too high please .

“I don’t mind, but… what do I do then? I was planning on cooking secretly in my room . ”

“You planned on doing it secretly?”

“Oh, I never intended to let the smell linger in the room!”

I was never going to do anything that might cause complaints, but I still wondered if it was a bad idea to try to cook in the room that was lent to us?

Well, Cloud-sama doesn’t seem to be angry, so I guess it’s okay?

“You don’t have to mind the smell, but I will contact the kitchen, so use it to your heart’s content . ”

“Thank you . So, what would you like to eat, Cloud-sama?”

“What the kids want to eat takes priority, doesn’t it?”

“I can make you something else to eat in addition, you know?”

“Honestly, I don’t know what to specify, so I’ll leave it up to the kids . ”

Since he doesn’t know the food I can make, he cannot make a request?

But I suppose he could make a rough request for “meat dish” or “fish dish” or something like that .

“So what do you want to eat then Allen, Elena?”

“”Pudding!””

“… Well, that’s a snack or perhaps a dessert . Choose a meal, a full meal . ”

“”French toast!””

“Oh~ sure, sometimes we eat a French toast for lunch, but wouldn’t that be better left for breakfast? So, please choose something suited for dinner . ”

If it was just us, I wouldn’t mind the French toast, but since Cloud-sama will be eating with us, I would like them to choose something different .

“”… Something we never ate!””

“………… So it came to that . ”

After pondering for a while, the answer Allen and Elena came up with was beyond my expectations .

Instead of choosing from a list of dishes I’ve cooked before, they came up with something I hadn’t cooked yet!

“Alright . I will do my best . ”

“”Yay~””

We have a little more time before it’s time to make dinner, so let’s think about it .

“Takumi, if you can, could you make some for Rain as well?”

“Yes, that’s fine with me . ”

“Okay, that’s good . He will hate me if he finds out I’m the only one who ate good food, so please . ”

I’ll add one more for Rain-sama . Also, Kevin-san’s eyes are appealing to me, although he doesn’t say it, so I’ll add more portion for him . The rest is just—

“Should we invite Austin-sama to join us?”

“Ah~ Rather, would he have to give us his permission first? I will talk to him . ”

“Please do that . ”

We made plans so we decided to stop playing with the gryphons, but we had to appease them first since they did not want to let us go .




Chapter 250

After returning to Austin-sama’s place together with Cloud-sama, we got permission to cook the dinner safely .

Therefore, I was led to the kitchen to make the food as soon as possible, but Allen and Elena stayed in the room . With the drawing tools and Kevin-san .

“Now then, what do I make?”

It seems that this kitchen was used by the previous Queen——Rain-sama and Cloud-sama’s grandmother . The previous Queen was apparently just an innkeeper’s daughter, and sometimes used this kitchen to cook in secret .

It was a happy miscalculation for me, because I had thought that I would have to borrow a corner of the royal kitchen .

I mean, it would interfere with the cooks at work, and from my experience, things would probably turn troublesome .

Still… this is a situation where “stealthy” and “unobtrusive” are possible .

“Speaking of a menu that kids might be happy with… maybe that?”

First, I took out the mincer and Armored Buffalo meat from the Infinite Storage and made ground meat . Next, I chop some spring onions, stir-fry them and remove from the heat .

I then knead the ground beef with the stir-fry onions, bread crumbs, milk, eggs, salt and pepper .

The kids will probably love this, it’s the hamburger . I’ve made hamburgers before, but it’s a necessary dish to what I’m going to make after!

“Next is…”

I let the kneaded ground meat rest for a while, shaped them, and grilled .

“They said they wanted to eat pudding, so let’s make that for the dessert . I have to cook the white wheat, too!”

I don’t have to worry about the food getting cold by storing it into the Infinite Storage, so I continued working without worrying about the cooking order .

“Now then, this is where the real work starts . ”

I peeled the shells of the largish shrimps I got in the Dungeon of Ripples, leaving the tails out, and fried them in order with flour, eggs, and breadcrumbs .

Next was the rice . I mixed it with finely chopped stir-fry vegetables, making butter rice . I then wrapped it in pan-fried eggs .

“The rest is the arrangement . ”

What I made was hamburgers, omurice, and ebi fry . I tried to arrange it in a way the kids would like it .

I didn’t forget about the sauce, ketchup and tartar sauce on it . Plus a salad, soup, and pudding on separate plates .

“And it’s done!”

A special kid’s lunch… it’s not noon, so it’s a children’s plate? Anyhow, it’s complete!

It’s mini-sized for the kids, but quite a big volume for adults .

I stored the food in the Infinite Storage and went to the room to pick up the twins .

“Allen, Elena, sorry to have kept you waiting~”

“”Onii~ chan!””

When I entered the room, the kids jumped off the bed and rushed to me .

“Were you guys behaving?”

“”Yeah . ””

“We were . ”

“Good children . ”

I patted the heads of the two twins who were hugging me .

“How did it go, were you able to draw a picture?”

“Yea, look, look~”

“We drew lots~”

Allen and Elena hurried to the bed and brought the paper on which they were drawing .

“Let me see . ”

When I took a look at the pictures the two were drawing, they were each different but all shared the same subject . That was Allen, Elena, and me . And also, Joule, Feat, Bolt, Vector, and Mile .

“You’ve drawn everyone~”

“”Yeah!””

Allen’s picture had everyone hugging on top of huge Vector while Elena’s drew me hugging the twins and Joule and others in their small forms .

“Both are so good!”

“”Ehehe~””

This is no flattery . The two’s drawing had everyone drawn with their features firmly captured, so they were properly good drawings .

“I will leave the crayons with you, so draw more when you have the time for it . ”

“”Yea!””

After complimenting them a lot, I turned to Kevin-san who took care of the children for me .

“Thank you very much, Kevin-san . ”

“The two were quietly drawing, so I was just relaxing in the room with them . ”

“Nono, even so . ”

Even though I know Allen and Elena would listen and obediently stay in the room, I was more relieved with an adult by their side, so I had to say proper thanks .

“Well then, I believe Austin-sama and Cloud-sama’s group should be already waiting for us, so we should go . ”

“Ou, see you later . ”

“Allen, Elena, you are hungry, right? Let’s have dinner . ”

“”Yea! Looking forward to it!””

While guiding the twins outside the room, I quietly took out the extra dishes on the table in the room so that they couldn’t see them .

“Ah, this is for you, Kevin-san . ”

“Oh, thanks . ”

Sensing my intentions, Kevin-san thanked me in a way it wouldn’t arouse the children’s attention .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“Quickly~”

“Yes, yes~”

“”Where to~?””

“The room we talked in this afternoon . ”

“”Moving shelf~?””

“Correct . The room with the moving cupboard . ”

“”Then, this way~””

The children had a firm grasp on the room’s location, so they advanced without hesitation .

“”It’s there~””

When the room in question came to view, there were knight guards standing in front of the door . Moreover, they were both Guardia’s and Creta’s guards .

That means the princes are already inside .

“Excuse me . Sorry to have kept you waiting!”

When we entered the room, the three princes were already there as expected .

We made it before the promised time, but even so, we were still the last ones to arrive…

“Takumi, you are still early, no need to apologize . ”

“That’s right . We just gathered here too early . ”

Austin-sama and Rain-sama smiled with soft smiles .

Cloud-sama suddenly stood up, faced the twins and spread his arms .

“Alright, come!”

“”! Here I gooo!””

Allen and Elena who noticed Cloud-sama’s intention jumped into Cloud-sama’s waiting arms .

“Ohh!”

Cloud-sama was able to catch the kids properly this time .

“Oh, we did it, we did it . ”

“”Did it~””

When Cloud-sama made a delighted expression while holding Allen and Elena in his arms, the two smiled happily, too .

“Takumi, just what is that about?”

Austin-sama and Rain-sama were surprised by the sudden interaction between Cloud-sama and the twins, and Austin-sama sought answers from me .

“Erm, they did the same when we went to look at the gryphons, but that time, Allen and Elena ended up pushing down Cloud-sama, so… I guess it’s a re-try?”

“Puh…”

When I explained, Rain-sama spilled a laugh, while Austin-sama smiled wryly .

“C, Cloud, you were pushed down by the kids?”

“I got overwhelmed splendidly . ”

“I’d like to see that . ”

“That’s not going to happen again . I will have you try next time, Rain . ”

“No, please keep that privilege, Cloud . ”

… I would be troubled if there was a second time .

“Allen, Elena, normally, if you are rude to a prince, you would get scolded, you know?”

“”Is that so?””

I took Allen and Elena from Cloud-sama’s hands and gave them a warning to not do it again .

… It was very difficult warning them since it was me who told them to do it in the first place, but it would be best to not repeat this .

“Yes, it is . Therefore, please don’t do that again . ”

“”Ehh~””

“Cloud-sama . ”

“Said come, though~?”

“That’s true, but…”

Allen and Elena showed dissatisfied faces to my words .

That’s right . I told them to do it the first time, and Cloud-sama himself told them to do it the second time, huh~ Then, Allen and Elena wouldn’t really understand what I am trying to warn them about, right~

“Takumi-dono, there’s no problem with that . ——Allen-kun, Elena-san, definitely try to push down Cloud the next time . ”

“”Got it~””

While trying to figure out how to convince them, Rain-sama gave them permission to push Cloud-sama down and there was nothing more I could say .

Well, what I was worried was lese majeste, so everything’s fine as long as they have no problem with it~ besides, they won’t have many opportunities to push down Cloud-sama down in the future .




Chapter 251

“I definitely won’t get pushed down again . ”

“”Will do my best . ””

Allen and Elena became motivated after hearing Cloud-sama’s “definitely” .

“You sound so reliable . ”

“Rain-sama, Cloud-sama too, please don’t stir up my kids . ”

“It sounds fun, so why not?”

“… Austin-sama too?”

Rain-sama was totally having fun and Austin-sama seemed to be amused, too .

“We won’t be staying here for many days, so the children won’t have many opportunities . That’s why I say, why not?”

Austin-sama… you were actually serious?

However, since the three princes have sanctioned it, I won’t take any blame if Allen and Elena push Cloud-sama down in public during our remaining time in Creta, alright!

“”Onii~ chan, meal~?””

“… I will arrange it right away . ”

I was talking about the two of you, though . Well, I guess the two don’t really understand what we were talking about .

“Is everyone eating here then?”

“Yes, please serve the meal here——your seat is there, Takumi . Allen and Elena can sit right beside him . ”

“”Okay . ””

I sat down at the seat Austin-sama pointed at and took out the meal from my Infinite Storage .

“”Ohh~~~””

“I have never seen these kinds of dishes before!”

“Incredible . ”

“They all look delicious . ”

The reaction on the appearances seems to be good .

“Please eat before it gets cold . ”

“”Let’s eat~!””

As Allen and Elena begin to eat first, the princes also begin to eat .

“”Nn~~~””

“How is it? A dish you have never eaten before . Does it get passing marks?”

Allen and Elena shook their heads up and down, while chewing with their cheeks stuffed .

It’s obvious from their expressions, but it looks like the food got passing marks .

“Takumi, it’s very delicious . ”

“Truly delicious . ”

“Amazing . All of these were made by you, Takumi?”

“”Onii~ chan is amaz!””

It seems it suited the tastes of Austin-sama, and Rain-sama and Cloud-sama too .

“Takumi-dono, would you like to work as the castle’s chef?”

“Oh, that’s a good idea . Takumi, I will arrange good conditions for you!”

“Pardon me, but cooking is just a hobby of mine, I don’t want to make it a work . ”

I just like to make foods I want to eat on a whim . And I also like cooking to make my kids happy .

“Is that so, that is unfortunate . ”

“However, it will be difficult not being able to eat this anymore . Takumi, could you instruct our chefs… no, we won’t have enough time to do that, right? Would it be possible to sell us the recipe?”

“Indeed, I would also like to bring this recipe home . ”

They must have liked it a lot . All three of them want the recipe .

“Haha . I will put together a recipe paper by the day of our return . ”

“Thank you so much . Let’s decide on the price later . ”

“Indeed, let us just enjoy the meal for now . ”

Can’t I just transfer the recipe to them? I would be fine with that, but these people would probably refuse .

“Onii~ chan, what’s this Shrimpy~?”

“That is Ebi Fry . ”

“Onii~ chan, this one Ricy is~?”

“That would be Omurice . ”

“Ebi Fry is delish~!”

“Omurice is yummy~!”

“Do you like it?”

“”Yeah, make it again!””

“Roger that . ”

It seems they have memorized the names of the dishes properly and will be requesting it again sooner or later .

“Ebi Fry and Omurice, you said? Then, what is this meat dish called?”

“”Hamburger!””

“It’s called a Hamburger? Then, this soup?”

“”Yellow Millet!””

“””Yellow Millet!?”””

Ah, Yellow millet was treated as fodder for livestock! Rather, so is White Wheat!

Austin-sama knew about White Wheat, did he not? He didn’t come to Allen and Elena’s birthday party, so he probably isn’t aware about the Yellow Millet .

Of course, Rain-sama and Cloud-sama don’t know that both of them are edible so… did I totally do something I have to feel guilty about again?

“I, I’m sorry . I use Yellow Millet as well as White Wheat . ”

First, I will apologize honestly!

“White Wheat? I don’t see anything like that here?”

“It’s inside the Omurice’s egg, right Takumi?”

“Yes, that’s correct . ”

“Heh~ This is that White Wheat?”

“It was something this delicious?”

The royalties of this world really have deep stomachs, don’t they? All three accepted it as if it was normal~

“I would like to make this Yellow Millet soup into an instant soup, too . ”

“That’s a good idea . ”

“Yellow Millet is easily obtainable, so it might not be a bad idea . ”

Moreover, not only did they not mind, the princes even wanted to turn the Yellow Millet soup into an instant soup .

Which reminds me, I haven’t tried making the Yellow Millet into an instant soup before . Let’s try it the next time .

“There are several kinds of Millet, no? Can those be made into soups too?”

“Now that you mention it, yes——What do you think, Takumi-dono?”

“You can make soups with different flavors by using White, Red, and Black Millet, but I believe that the Yellow Millet is most suitable for soups . ”

“If Takumi says so, I’m sure it’s true . ”

“Indeed . ”

“True . ”

“… You accepted it quite easily . ”

It’s surprising to me that they accepted it so easily .

“I don’t have the need to doubt your palate which made something this delicious, Takumi . ”

“That’s right, Takumi . Ah~ but I would really like to try a soup made out of a different type of millet at least once . ”

“Indeed . Let’s have the chefs try when we get the recipe from Takumi-dono . ”

“Let’s do that . ”

“Everyone has preferences too, after all . You might unexpectedly find your favorite taste . ”

Err, if I’m not mistaken… Red Millet has a strong acidity, and Black Millet is sweet . The White Millet should be thick and creamy . I’m sure some people would prefer one or the other .

“”Thank you for the meal~””

“Are you full?”

“”Yeah, full~””

Allen and Elena lightly tapped their bellies, showing that they were full .

“You ate a lot~”

“”Yea, ate a lot! Is Austin-sama’s belly also bouncy-bounce?””

“Bouncy-bounce!?”

“”Ku . ””

Austin-sama opened his eyes wide at the way Allen and Elena said it, and stared at his stomach .

Rain-sama and Cloud-sama averted their gazes to laugh .

Austin-sama’s body is slender, so even by mistake, you wouldn’t call him “bouncy” .

“Allen, Elena, Austin-sama’s belly isn’t bouncy-bounce, right?”

“”Is not~? Then, bob-bob?””

“Bounce” and “bob” have a similar feeling, so that’s not it either? What the two want to say is…

“Ah~ the belly is bulging… I think?”

“”Ohh~ it’s bulging!””

The kids clapped their hands as if saying “That’s it!” .

Although a trivial mistake, it was a very unpleasant one .




Chapter 252

“Now then, you seem to be full, but I wonder if you have any space left for a pudding?”

“”Pudding!? Will eat, will eat!!””

Knowing that there is a pudding, the children’s eyes lit up .

“Was pudding the dessert that the kids wanted to eat? Do you have some for us too?”

Cloud-sama was also quick to react . Does he have a sweet tooth or something?

Rather, I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone, young or old, who said they don’t like sweets up until now~

“I brought it up myself, so I won’t say ‘No’ now . ”

I took out the pudding from the Infinite Storage and put it on the table .

I made a mini pudding parfait style by adding vanilla ice cream made from the vanilla beans I recently obtained with fruits .

“”Ohh~””

They only had pudding as a standalone item, so the kids were excited to see the parfait .

“This is another great-looking product . So this is the pudding?”

“Pudding is~”

“This~”

“So this light brown sauce over the yellow thing is pudding?”

“”Yea . ””

Allen and Elena taught Rain-sama what pudding is while eating .

“”And then~””

“This is . ”

“Ice cream . ”

Following up, they scooped out ice cream on their spoons and informed Cloud-sama and Rain-sama who did not know of it .

“So this is ice cream, I see . ”

“”Yea! N? Huh~?””

Eating the ice cream, the two tilted their heads .

“Is a bit different~”

“There are blackish grains~”

The children realized that it wasn’t a milk ice cream .

“You did well realizing it . This is vanilla ice cream . ”

“”Vanilla~?””

“That’s right . It’s made from the twigs we found at the shop yesterday . ”

“”But, is similar~””

“Yeah . I just added vanilla’s aroma, so it’s not that different from the milk ice cream . ”

Allen and Elena were tilting their heads . They probably didn’t understand too well .

Well, the ingredients of the milk ice cream and vanilla ice cream are mostly the same~ If I dare to say it, it’s about whether there’s a fragrance or not, so it can’t be helped if you can’t tell .

“Vanilla? I’ve never heard of it… oh, it’s tasty . Was this something you found in our country?”

“Yes, it apparently came from the nearby dungeon . It’s more of an aroma-adding spice than a food ingredient . ”

“Indeed, it doesn’t smell like anything I had ever smelled before . ”

“I think women would love this kind of perfume~”

“”!!””

I’m not familiar with perfumes, but I thought that women would like this kind of fragrance . So, when I said it, Rain-sama and Cloud-sama looked taken aback .

“If these vanilla beans could only be found in Creta’s dungeon, wouldn’t they be considered domestic goods?”

“We cannot be sure they exist in other countries too, but even if they did, people don’t know about them . They are not being utilized at all, isn’t that right?”

“That’s very much possible . ”

“I think we have to check it out . ”

“Leave that to me then . You are busy enough with the instant soup, aren’t you, Rain?”

“That’s true . Then, I will leave it to you, Cloud . ”

Are Rain-sama and Cloud-sama going to make a vanilla perfume and sell it?

So will the price of vanilla beans, which were so cheap, go up in time? For me, I’m fine with the price going up as long as I can get my hands on it anywhere~

That being said, it’s good that it’s so lively, but——

“Rain-sama, Cloud-sama, I don’t mind if you talk, but the ice cream is going to melt, so it would be better to eat first . ”

Yeah, the ice cream is melting . While Rain-sama and Cloud-sama were talking, Austin-sama and the twins were eating quietly .

“Right . ”

“Sorry about that, Takumi . ”

After eating the pudding parfait, we all chatted together again .

“By the way, both Rain-sama and Cloud-sama are working earnestly despite being this young . You two… aren’t students anymore, are you?”

“These two were of the same age as my little brother, right?”

“Err… Felix-sama? Or Al-sama?”

“Like Alfried . Therefore, we just graduated . ”

“Yeah . ”

Common to all countries, the schools in this world are supposed to have been a maximum of eight years of education, starting from ten years of age to eighteen . Then, Rain-sama and Cloud-sama are eighteen or had just turned nineteen, I think?

Rather, eighteen or nineteen would be the age you would normally graduate from high school . When I take that into consideration, they are so steady~ I myself was still playing around when attending university… was I? Well, I did have a part-time job, but it wasn’t a “job” like these two’s .

“Father is, umm… he has a wild personality, so we are forced to be steady…”

“… Yeah . ”

… They have been struggling with Maynard-sama’s personality, huh .

“Speaking of which, you do have an elder brother, no?”

Rain-sama is the second prince and Cloud-sama is the third prince, so there should be a first prince too, no?

“Elder brother is, umm… the same as Father . ”

“To put it simply, he’s wandering around working as an adventurer, so he’s away now . ”

“……”

The eldest was totally like the father!? And he’s an adventurer!?

No wonder Cloud-sama and Rain-sama have to be this steady .

“You might have come across each other without even realizing it . ”

“That might be possible . He does not seem to be doing any domestic jobs, so he might be in Guardia . ”

Actually, there’s a possibility that we already passed by each other in the Adventurer’s Guild . Well, I don’t think we’ve met .

“Takumi, please tell him to come home if you meet him! Rather, please bring him over!”

“Hahaha~ I will let him know if I meet him . ”

There might not be any problems since he will have the same personal history as the King, but I wonder if people who say that either Cloud-sama or Rain-sama should be the next king appear? N? No, it’s not like the eldest son has to be the crown prince, no? … Let’s not talk about this .

And let’s not dare to ask the first prince’s name!

“Oh, Takumi, let me tell you before I forget . We will be returning in four days . ”

“Four days, huh . Understood . ”

Austin-sama told me as he remembered .

Still, we are returning so soon? Somehow, it’s over in a blink of an eye~

“I will be interacting with Creta for the next three days starting tomorrow, so you are free to spend your time as you like, Takumi . ”

All of my business in Crete is done, and we will be returning to Guardia soon .

Austin-sama is going to allow us three whole days of free time until we return home .

“But, I’m here as your guard too, so I will do my job properly if there’s one, you know?”

I haven’t done anything that looked work-related since coming to Creta . When I told Austin-sama that, he slowly shook his head .

“You have already done a great deal of work for me, so there’s no problem . Take the kids sightseeing . ”

“Is that so? Thank you very much, Austin-sama . ”

I decided to accept Austin-sama’s kind intentions .




Chapter 253

Today, we are finally returning to Guardia .

“You haven’t forgotten anything, did you?”

“”Nope!””

The children replied while raising their hands .

We spent the three days of free time in the dungeon and had our last supper in Creta with Rain-sama and Cloud-sama .

I did not forget to transfer the recipes for the children’s plate, including the hamburger and curry… I don’t think we have forgotten anything .

“Gyau . ”

“Guru . ”

Cloud-sama and Rain-sama were seeing us off, but when we tried to get on Charo’s back, we encountered a problem . Charo with the other wyverns and the gryphons were glaring at each other .

“It looks like they don’t like the idea of you guys leaving, Takumi . ”

“I heard the reports that the gryphons were quite attached to you, but I did not think it was to this extent . ”

Cloud-sama’s expression’s seemed slightly unimpressed, but Rain-sama looked a bit surprised .

“Takumi, please go calm them down . ”

Austin-sama proposed absurdly as he looked at me with an enlightened expression .

“By the way, wich side . ”

“Both, of course . ”

Austin-sama said with a smile .

“You are telling me to go over there?”

“Yeah . It will be fine, you will manage, Takumi . ”

Charo and the individual who seemed to be the top dog among the gryphons were staring at each other as if a fight was about to break out .

“They are still keeping distance, but it looks like a matter of time before they go all out?”

“And that is why . A fight between wyverns and gryphons would cause great damage . I would like to avoid the castle from collapsing and people from dying . ”

“……”

I choked on my words at an unbelievable situation .

If the wyverns and gryphons start fighting, not just the castle, but the city is likely to be damaged .

“… I got it . ”

I gave up and went to pacify Charo and others . It’s because Charo was trying to bring us home, but the gryphons didn’t want to part with us .

“Fighting~”

“Is not good~”

“”Bad!””

While thinking how to pacify them… the twins who came with me to Charo’s side put their hands on their hips and started lecturing them . It was a very cute lecturing .

“… Gyau . ”

“… Guru . ”

But, the effect was superb . Even though they seemed to be in a critical stage a moment ago, Charo and others got obedient… they seemed to be dejected .

“”Onii~ chan, is this fine~?””

When Allen and Elena confirmed that Charo and others got obedient, they turned towards me——and tilted their heads .

“Ah, yes, perfect . ”

“”Yay♪””

I applauded reflexively .

Who would have thought that things would be settled so smoothly? The people who were watching breathless, wondering what was going to happen, were also stunned .

“”There, there~””

“Let’s get . ”

“Along~”

“Gyau, gyau~”

“Guru, gururu~”

Unaware of the fact that the people around them were in such a state, Allen and Elena were petting Charo and the others who were snuggling up to them while making indulgent squeals .

The tense air suddenly relaxed and the mood got harmonious . Well, that’s just the kids as everyone around them was still in turmoil .

“Have you calmed down?”

I went over to the kids and started by patting Charo and then the gryphon .

“I’m sorry . We cannot stay here forever . ”

“… Guru . ”

The gryphon was smart enough to understand my words well and looked a little depressed .

“Guru, gururu . ”

“N?”

“”Huh~?””

“What happened all of sudden? That way is… the Beast stables?”

The gryphon, who was depressed for a moment, suddenly seemed to recall something and flew towards the Beast stables .

“Err… Austin-sama, could you wait for a little longer? Or you can leave without us first . ”

“It’s fine . I’m also curious about the gryphons actions, so we will wait for you . ”

I thought we would be causing inconvenience to Austin-sama if it took too long, so I proposed him to go ahead .

However, Austin-sama seemed to be curious about the gryphon’s actions, so he decided to wait .

“”He’s back~””

“Oh, you are right . ”

After waiting for a while, the gryphon returned .

“Gururu . ”

When the gryphon was in front of me, he dropped down a white sphere he was holding in his forelegs . When I held out my hands reflexively, I was already holding the white sphere in my hands .

“”An egg!””

“Haah!? E, egg!? Eh, wait a moment! I don’t need to guess, but isn’t this your child!?”

“Guru . ”

The egg was about the size of my head and it seems to have been warmed just a little while ago as it was still warm .

“Why did you give it to me!?”

The gryphon landed and pushed the egg with its head .

It didn’t seem like he was simply caressing the egg .

“”We can take it~?””

“Guru!”

The gryphon replied to Allen and Elena’s innocent words .

“No, seriously . Please wait a moment . Allen, Elena, you guys too . Things aren’t this simple! You don’t reply so readily either, gryphon!”

We cannot take a gryphon egg belonging to Creta without permission . Even if the parent gryphon says it’s fine .

“Rain-sama, Cloud-sama, please stop the gryphon . No matter how you look at it, this is not something we can agree to, right!?”

“… I wonder about that?”

“No… I don’t think we can say that we don’t agree, no?”

First of all, I tried talking to the owners? guardians? superiors? of the gryphons, so I spoke to the princes . However, they only returned vague words .

“Austin-sama too, please say something!”

“… Well~ I couldn’t find any words because this was beyond my expectations . Takumi, you have received quite the impressive present . ”

“I have not accepted it yet, alright!?”

I tried to ask Austin-sama for help, but he didn’t seem like he would help me . On the contrary, he looked mischievous .

“Eh~ seriously, what should I do about this…”

When I really didn’t know what to do about this situation anymore, Rain-sama spoke to me .

“Takumi-dono, I’ve sent for our father, so could you wait for a moment, please?”

“… Yes, thank you very much . ”

It seemed that this event was too difficult even for Rain-sama and Cloud-sama to determine, so they hastily sent someone to run for Maynard-sama to make a decision .




Chapter 254

“The gryphon gave you an egg?”

After a while, Maynard-sama came with an amused expression on his face .

“I’m currently trying to persuade it to reconsider . ”

“What, Takumi, you won’t accept? I don’t mind if it’s you, though . ”

“This is something you are supposed to oppose, Maynard-sama!?”

Maynard-sama gave me permission to bring the egg with me .

The gryphons are, after all, the country’s own war assets, no? You cannot simply entrust it to someone who is in no way attached to your country!

“Be concerned about it a little, please!”

“It’s fine!”

“Nonono! Rather, I’m not confident about hatching a gryphon egg or raising a gryphon child for that matter, okay!”

“That little fellow is also a monster, so there won’t be a problem even if you treat it a bit roughly, you know?”

Well, monsters do have a strong life force, so it won’t be as delicate as a normal bird’s baby chick… and although it’s difficult for me to compare it to a normal bird, I still have no idea about hatching eggs .

“Besides, I don’t want to separate a child from its parents!”

“It was that very parent who handed you the egg, though?”

“That’s true, but still!”

Seriously, what is this situation!? Why are you trying to let go of your own child!?

“Some birds rely on brood parasitism, maybe that’s it?”

“I don’t know whether gryphons are the kind of species that has the need to rely on brood parasitism~ Rather, don’t gryphons stick together?”

Rain-sama and Cloud-sama who no longer had to make the decision because Maynard-sama came, began to analyze the current situation leisurely .

“Gyau . ”

“N? What is it, Charo?”

“Gyau, gyau . ”

Charo, who was obediently quiet until now, suddenly cried out for some reason .

“Ah~ Isn’t this Charo saying that he also wants to entrust his children to Takumi?”

“Gyau!”

“Oh my, looks like I was correct . ”

“Nonono, why are you interpreting it so calmly!?”

Austin-sama spoke for Charo’s feelings, but I wanted him to be panicked a little . It would be a big problem if you handed the offsprings of a wyvern, a very important existence to the country, to another person to raise, no?

“Unfortunately, we don’t have any wyvern eggs or wyvern younglings at the moment . ”

“N? Then, was it just Charo’s wish?”

“Indeed . ”

“… Gyau . ”

Charo hung his head in Austin-sama’s words .

Allen and Elena patted the depressed Charo to comfort him .

“Presently, it’s not possible, but if eggs are born in the future, let’s make a fuss to entrust them to Takumi . ”

“Gyau!”

I thought I avoided it, but it looks like I couldn’t avoid it completely .

Well, let’s put the wyverns aside for now, first I have to——

“Raise your children yourself . ”

do something about the gryphons, so I turned towards the gryphon and continued my persuasion .

“Guru . ”

However, the gryphon shook his head in refusal .

“Even if I don’t hatch this child myself, I will come to see you again . ”

“Guru?”

In reply to my words, the gryphon tilted its head as if asking “Really?” .

“Of course . ”

“”Will come~””

Allen and Elena backed me up .

Even the twins who were ready to take the egg with us at first were taken aback when I said I did not want to separate the child from its parents, so they have agreed with my opinion .

Allen and Elena don’t know their parents either, so I guess they had some thoughts abouts this .

“The child’s thoughts are also important . Why don’t you let the child decide for itself, whether it wants to go with us or not, when it hatches and grows up?”

“… Guru . ”

It seems the gryphon got finally convinced . Although reluctant, it took the egg back from me .

“Mmh . Then, we shall take care of the pup until it grows up to some extent . ”

“Eh? No, we have not decided on that matter yet, alright!?”

“I have no doubts the gryphon pup will be fond of you guys . If it was presented with an option to leave with you guys, don’t you think it would absolutely agree to go?”

“……”

Huh? I thought I avoided this matter, but it seems that I wasn’t able to avoid it completely?

Then, doesn’t it seem like I forced Creta to take care of the gryphon pup until it grows up?… That’s not good, is it?

Eh? Then, would it be better to take the egg, after all? No, but it would be difficult to work as an adventurer while holding onto an egg, no? You cannot contract an egg, so I wouldn’t be able to keep it in my shadow like Joule and others .

“I, if you raise it with love, I’m sure it will want to stay in Creta…”

“That’s unlikely . ”

Maynard-sama immediately denied my distressing thoughts .

“… You didn’t have to reply that quickly . ”

“It’s definitely not possible . We can even make a bet . When the pup in the egg grows up, it will definitely want to stay by your side . ”

Maynard-sama declared powerfully .

Is it time to face the reality? If that’s so, what should I do~

“But well, walking with an egg in hands for an adventurer like you would be difficult, and I have no doubts it would paint a big target on your back . I agree with raising it in the castle until it becomes a force on its own . ”

Yep, it would be dangerous to work while carrying an egg, so that would be absolutely out of question!

After hearing Maynard-sama, I hurriedly withdrew the thought of “Should I take the egg with me now, then?” .

“Is it really fine for Creta to raise a gryphon that will be eventually passed to an outsider?”

“What, one animal won’t make a difference . Our government won’t be toppled over because of that . Or what? Do you plan on attacking our country yourself, Takumi?”

“I don’t!?”

The first half sounded like something a King would say, but what about the other half!? Why did you say that!?

That’s not something you should say, even as a joke!

“There’s no problem then——Rain, I will leave the arrangements to you . ”

“Understood . ”

“See you then, Takumi . Come to play again anytime . ”

As soon as the business was taken care of, Maynard-sama returned promptly to the castle .

“… Is this really okay?”

“If Father said it’s fine then it is fine . Well then, Takumi-dono . We will take proper care of the egg . ”

“Anyhow, we will contact you when the egg hatches, so you should at least let us know your whereabouts . ”

Following Maynard-sama, Rain-sama and Cloud-sama were quick to proceed with the decision .

Since it’s like this, it would be foolish of me to mind the small things .

“Looking forward . ”

“To its birth . ”

“Yeah, me too . ”

Let’s just purely look forward to the birth of a gryphon pup, just like Allen and Elena .




Chapter 255

“Then, when a wyvern is born in our country, we have to raise it well so it can be sent to Takumi . ”

“Gyau . ”

“Austin-sama, Charo… it’s not good to brainwash children . ”

I feel like they want to start imprinting some strange things onto the pup right after birth… I want that to be just my imagination .

Rather, aren’t Austin-sama and Charo having a normal conversation?

“Don’t call it something as poor-sounding as brainwashing . I don’t have the skills to do that . ”

“……”

Even if you say that, I feel like you would be capable of doing it, Austin-sama .

“Takumi, why are you looking at me so doubtfully . You are heartless . ”

“I’m sorry to have kept you waiting . Now, shall we return home?”

“… You have blatantly diverted the topic . ”

Yes, I did .

That being said, it’s certain that the departure got delayed . We cannot keep holding up the people who came to send us off .

“Fufufu, let’s meet Takumi’s expectations and raise a splendid wyvern . ——Charo, please do your best at making children . And let’s send the most competent child to Takumi . ”

“Gyau . ”

“Good reply . ”

… H, huh? Why does Austin-sama look fired up? He somehow teamed up with Charo!? What is this!?

“Let us return then . ——Rain-dono, Cloud-dono, thank you very much for your hospitability this time . Please come to visit our country soon . ”

“We will definitely come if there’s an opportunity . ”

“Please be careful on your way back . ”

Moreover, after saying farewells to the people of Crete, he swiftly moved onto his wyvern .

“… Austin-sama?”

“What is it, Takumi? We are departing, please get on Charo quickly . ”

“… Yes . Allen, Elena, we are leaving~”

“”Yes~””

Did I offend Austin-sama? Or is he angry?

A little disheartened by Austin-sama’s casual attitude, I said my farewells to Rain-sama and Cloud-sama one last time before getting onto Charo’s back .

Then, after that, I traveled through the air, feeling a bit awkwardly .

“Fufu . ”

When we landed on the ground for a short break, Austin-sama burst out laughing as if he couldn’t stand it any longer .

“Please don’t look at me with such an anxious-looking face . ”

“… Austin-sama?”

“You were being mean to me, so I tried to be mean back, but it seemed to work better than I thought it would . ”

“… Well it worked like a charm, didn’t it?”

It had a terrible effect . Honestly, it was excruciating .

I am actually pretty forgiving of Austin-sama, am I not… I rethought my thoughts .

“So, you are not offended then?”

“I’m not . ”

Austin-sama smiled at me . Apparently, I was rolling in the palm of his hands .

When hung my head down dejectedly, Allen and Elena stroked my head to comfort me .

◇ ◇ ◇

After reconciling(?) with Austin-sama, the journey was very peaceful .

“Is over here really okay? We can take you all the way to Rubia . ”

“No, over here is fine . ”

I declined Austin-sama who proposed to take us to our destination and had him drop us off near the borders .

“We promised to bring back souvenirs we obtained along the way, so . ”

“Is that so? All right . Then, I will be looking forward to the day we meet again, so please stop by the Capital again . ”

“Yes, we will . Then, Austin-sama, please be careful on the rest of the way back . ”

“”Bye-bye~””

I waited until the wyverns in the sky became small specks and summoned Joule and others .

((Yay♪))

“Whoah!”

As soon as I summoned them, Joule in his large form and small Vector jumped at me, so I fell on my buttocks .

“Allen too!”

“Elena too!”

“Uoh!!”

Moreover, Allen and Elena followed after their example and jumped onto Joule who was above me .

(My, oh my, you are so popular, Niisama~)

(Aniue, are you okay?)

(Takumi Nii is going to get crushed!)

Feat, Vector, and Mile stared in wonder at the sudden turn of events .

“H, hey, don’t just stand there and watch, please help me!”

(Fufu, okay . ——Now, now, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, Niisama is in pain, you know?)

When I asked for help, Feat grabbed Allen and Elena by the nape of their necks and got them off of me .

(Joule and Vector, you guys quickly get off of him too!)

Mile jumped onto Joule and Vector’s heads and scolded them while hopping up and down .

(Aniue, are you injured?)

When I was finally able to raise my body up, Bolt landed in my lap and looked up worriedly .

“Yeah, I’m okay . Ah~ that startled me . ”

(Sorry . )

“N? There’s no need for you to apologize, right Bolt? Besides, they were just playing a little too much, they meant no harm anyway . ”

I petted Bolt who looked as if he had done something wrong, and told him not to mind it . Bolt is the most caring among my Contracted Beasts .

“Still… that was quite an intense greeting this time, wasn’t it~”

(I don’t know! I just followed Joule!)

Vector seemed to act without thinking . Therefore, everyone’s gazes turned to Joule .

(I mean~ Oniichan smelled of wyverns and gryphons~)

“… Ahh . ”

(Now that you mention it, you are soaked in it . )

(Is that so?)

(I cannot tell at all!)

When I stood up, Joule rubbed his body against me as if trying to overwrite the scent, and Feat took a sniff to confirm .

We rode on Charo, and we played a lot with the gryphons at the castle before departing, so the scent must have rubbed onto me at that time .

(Oniichan, are you cheating on us?)

“… What do you mean by that?”

(I mean, you have been with monsters other than us, no? Although you already have us… how heartless of you!)

Err… is this a kind of jealousy?

“”You see~””

While thinking about how to follow up on this, Allen and Elena told the truth .

“Family . ”

“Got larger~”

(((((N?)))))

Joule and others tilted their heads in puzzlement .

“Ah~… there’s just a possibility that it will, so don’t mind it for now . ”

“”It willmon!””

“……”

(Eh? Eh? Family? Do you mean by a wyvern and gryphon by that!?)

“”Yea!””

Before I knew, it was decided by Allen and Elena that a wyvern and a gryphon will be joining our family .




Chapter 256

“Gee~ it hasn’t been decided yet . Besides, both the wyvern and gryphon has not been born yet . ”

(Oniichan, be more specific!)

(True . Niisama, I’d like to hear more as well . )

Joule and Feat wanted to hear the details while Bolt, Vector, and Mile seemed curious, as they nodded to Joule and Feat’s words in agreement .

“Erm… a gryphon at the Creta’s castle got fond of me and he wanted to give one of his unborn eggs to me . ”

(((((Yeah, and then?)))))

I tried to explain things briefly at first, but Joule and others seemed even more interested .

“Well, I refused for fear of being targeted by carrying such a big egg in my arms around . When I spoke of my concerns, they said to come take it when it’s born . ”

(((((Hooh~)))))

(Then, it’s as Allen and Elena said, and our family is going to increase in a little while! I’d like a little brother! Oh, but I will take care even of a little sister!)

Joule’s eyes got all sparkly after he heard my explanation . No, not only Joule, everyone’s eyes were sparkling .

“No, as I said, it hasn’t been decided yet . It’s still unclear whether it will become our family since I decided to leave it up the child’s will after it’s born . ”

(Oh my? Niisama, you were talking only about the gryphon right now, yes? What about the wyvern?)

“The wyvern wanted to compete with the gryphon and wanted me to take his child too…”

(I’m looking forward to what kind of children they are!)

“As I said… no, forget it . ”

It would be boorish of me to continue saying “It hasn’t been decided yet”, so I decided to stop .

“Now, come on, it’s about time we depart . Otherwise, it will get dark before we take even a step . ”

But, I decided to stop the kids from happily talking about the family that might grow, for now . I don’t want them to get too excited about it .

Besides, if I let it go on like this, I really feel like it’s going to get dark . Well, I would be lying if I said that it would be a problem if it got dark, but I do want to move to a place suitable for camping first .

(Right, you are right . And so, where are we going, Oniichan?)

“Ultimately, the town of Rubia . Erm, it should be in the southeast direction . ”

(Making detours is fine, right?)

“Of course . ”

If Joule and Feat got serious, we would arrive in Rubia in less than a day . Therefore, detours are welcome .

Ah, but since we went to Creta, we are behind on the schedule when it comes to Rubia, so I’d like to get there in about four to five days .

“Anyhow, why don’t we go to the forest we can see over there first?”

“”Let’s goo~!””

(((((Agreed!)))))

After that, our actions were quick . Urged by the kids to hurry up, we entered the forest in the blink of an eye .

“”Ah! Ichi!””

As soon as we entered the forest, Allen and Elena found Ichi fruit .

(Oh, there’s growing a lot~)

(Oh my, there are blueberries over here too . )

(There are blackbarries mixed among them . Oh, there are redberries as well . )

(It’s true! They look delicious! Niichan, can I eat those?)

(Geez~ You have to gather them before eating!)

We entered the forest at random, but it was full of all kinds of berries . .

I’ve never seen blueberries in this world before! Moreover, there were black and red berries as well as the usual blue-purple ones . As I recall, they had a different sweetness and flavor .

“However, it’s rare to see so many of them ripe enough for eating . They don’t seem to be damaged by worms either…”

(Now that you mention it . There don’t seem to be many that have fallen to the ground naturally either, right?)

There are animals, insects, and monsters that eat berries everywhere, so it’s unusual that there is no visible damage .

“Is it a coincidence?”

(Maybe there are many carnivorous creatures who don’t eat berries in this part of the forest?)

(Ohh! I will go beat them up then!)

While Feat and I were considering the reason why the berries weren’t eaten or damaged, Vector ran off while wagging his tail excitedly .

(He’s gone~)

Mile let out a sigh .

“Hahaha~ Well, let’s let Vector do as he likes . Shall we pick some berries in the meantime?”

(Yeah . Mile, let’s pick the berries too . )

(Okay!)

That said, Allen and Elena were already crazily picking Ichi fruit together with Joule, and Bolt was also dexterously collecting blueberries .

“”We got lots~””

(Yeah! We can make lots of Ichi jam or Ichi milk with this . )

“Ice cream too!”

“Pudding too!”

(I picked lots of these berries too . )

(Doesn’t milk made from these blueberries sound kind of nice?)

(Sounds delish!)

Having harvested plenty of ichi, blueberries, blackberries and red berries for a while, we decided to take a break .

“Would you like to have blueberry milk that you haven’t tried before then?”

“”((((Yeah!))))””

I made blueberry milk for everyone and we relaxed .

“Still, just how far did Vector go?”

(He’s not nearby, is he?)

(Who knows? I feel no monster presence, so didn’t he go quite a distance to find them?)

(Shall I go look for him?)

(Even though he was scolded by Feat the last time, he doesn’t learn!)

However, even after finishing the milk, Vector was nowhere to be found .

“Anyhow, this forest looks safe, so let’s camp here tonight . There won’t be a problem to let Vector free for a little longer then . ”

(Then, there’s still a bit more time until it gets dark, can we also go exploring for a bit?)

“Yeah . This forest is abundant with berries, so let’s look around for a little longer . ”

“”Let’s look~””

That being the case, as we explored the forest a little more, we found many more berries .

“”So many~””

“It really is a berry-rich forest, isn’t it?”

In addition to the ichi fruit and blueberries, we found yellowberries and loveberries . And you won’t believe this, we even found Meteoberries!

“”Starberries!””

The moment Allen and Elena found the Meteoberries, their eyes were shining .

Of course, I was able to harvest them properly .

(Niichan! Problem! Big problem!)

When we finished picking the berries and were about to return to the campsite, Vector rushed over in a panic .




Chapter 257

“Vector, what are you so panicked for?”

(T, there’s a problem!)

Vector, who is nonchalant even when running, was unusually out of breath .

“I understand that there’s a problem, alright . What is the problem, though?”

(You see! There’s a place you can’t enter over there!)

“A place you can’t enter?”

(Yea! I could saw the scenery inside, but when I tried to enter——bam! There seems to be an invisible wall!)

If Vector is right, although it is certainly strange, I cannot say for sure that it is a problem .

“How curious~ But, now’s not the time . ”

(Why!?)

(Right~ The sun will be setting down soon, after all~)

I would love to go check it out right away, but I don’t want to enter this mysterious place when it’s dark outside .

“Vector, did you feel something harmful or malicious there?”

(N? Erm… no, I did not feel anything malicious whatsoever?)

“Then we don’t need to be in a hurry . If that’s so, let’s go there when it gets brighter . ”

“”Not going~?””

“We will . Let’s save it for tomorrow, though . ”

“”Got it~””

We could also leave the forest, but I think we should go check it out . I’m quite curious about it .

“That being the case, I will go prepare dinner . What would you like to eat, everyone?”

“”Meat~””

Oh, it’s not the usual bread or sweets request today .

“A meat dish, huh . Then, sukiyaki… you wouldn’t understand what I mean . How about a sweet and salty Armored Buffalo meat with vegetables?”

“”Wanna eat!””

(((((Want to eat that!)))))

Everyone agreed, so I started right away .

The ingredients are thin slices of Armored Buffalo meat, a vegetable resembling a white-stalked green onion, and a Chinese cabbage-like green called whitebagge . Next is rook mushrooms, and shii mushrooms . It’s unfortunate that I don’t have any shirataki and tofu, but there’s nothing I can do about it .

After cooking the green onions and meat, I put in the sukiyaki stock I made with sugar and soy sauce, then I added the cabbage, mushrooms and cooked everything well together .

Which reminds me, the only beef-like meat I have gotten my hands on so far is the Armored Buffalo . I wonder if I should try looking for another cow-monster?

“”Smells nice!””

(Yeah, yeah . )

(Quickly, quickly . )

Allen, Elena, Joule and Vector were fidgety when I started cooking .

“Just a little bit longer . All that’s left is…”

I cleaned the eggs using light magic’s Purification spell . Even though I keep freshly picked eggs on me, I’m a little worried about eating raw eggs as they are .

I cracked the eggs into the pot and lightly broke them up, then I divided the meat and vegetables into the bowls .

“Alright, it’s done~”

“”(((((Yay~)))))””

As soon as I handed it out to the kids, they all started eating at once .

“”Nn~~~””

(Oniichan, this is yummy!)

(The meat and veggies soaked in a sweet and salty sauce are delicious~)

(Aniue, I love this . )

(Me too! This is delish!)

(It’s very tasty!)

Oh, it’s very popular . When it came to Allen and Elena, they were eating in silence, seemingly eating too busy to speak out their impressions .

N~ but I would definitely want udon noodles . Come to think of it, I never made them . Erm… udon is just wheat flour, salt, and water, right? I’m not going to make it now, but let’s do it next time .

◇ ◇ ◇

When the meal was over and we were preparing to go to sleep, I felt a presence approaching us from the front .

“… It’s not a monster, is it?”

(Yeah, that’s a person, I think?)

——Hearing the sound of footsteps approaching, we were a little cautious .

“Good evening . ”

“… Good evening?”

It was an elderly gentleman . He looked suspicious in his gray-hooded robe, but for some reason, I couldn’t feel wary of him . Moreover, he greeted us so refreshingly .

“It looks like you are getting ready to sleep, but won’t you come over to my house? I can’t say it will be more comfortable as it’s not that spacious, but at least you can sleep under a roof?”

“House?”

“It’s right there by the barrier . That red child was there during the day . ”

It seems that the invisible barrier Vector found was created by this person . And this person seems to have a house inside .

“Err… why did you come to invite us?”

“I observed you guys for a little, and you seem like an interesting bunch . Plus, I’ve got a few questions to ask you . ”

“……”

It appears that we were being observed .

However, what is interesting about us? The kids and I were only picking berries and we ate dinner, nothing else, no?

“… Guru . ”

“What? You came out too, Claudia?”

While hesitant to reply, a black panther slowly walked out from the direction the eldery man came from . It snuggled up to the old man .

“Is that child your familiar?”

“Yeah, that’s right . Which reminds me, I have not introduced myself yet . I’m Oswald . A retired old man who lives in this forest . And this child is called Claudia . ”

When the senior introduced himself, he took off his hood, revealing white hair and long ears .

… Oswald-san? Erm………… ah, I thought it sounded familiar, but there’s a person among the Guardia Knights with the same name~

“”Oh, ears are so long~!””

When I appraised the senior, I realized that he was an Elf . Moreover, he had no Dark magic in his skills, so that black panther wasn’t a contracted beast, but a normal familiar . The senior is probably a tamer .

Moreover, he’s 421 years old! He’s the oldest person I have met so far! Ah, aside from Kaiser!

“Is this your first time seeing an Elf?”

“That would be so . ”

I’ve met Andy-san and Kana-san who are humans with Elven appearances because of their mixed blood, but this is my first time seeing a pure-blood Elf . Uhh… if I’m not mistaken, then the average lifespan of humans over here is 80 years, while the average lifespan of Elves is around 500 years .

“So, how about it? Will you accept my invitation? Ah, of course, your familiars are most welcome as well . It’s just the red child won’t fit unless he gets smaller like he was during the day . ”

“What do you want to do, guys?”

The senior——Oswald-san, was very calm and gentlemanly, and neither Allen, Elena or the rest of the kids showed vigilance against him .

“”Nniyu?””

I asked everyone what they thought, but Allen and Elena didn’t seem to understand the situation .

(Isn’t it fine?)

(Right . If we can let Allen-chan and Elena-chan sleep under a roof, that would be for the better, I think . )

(Indeed . I also think we should go . )

(Ehh~ I want to sleep together~)

(You just have to turn small, Vector! I agree, too!)

Joule and others gave their opinions in turn .

As a result, four were in favor . One opposed .

“Then, we will be in your care . Ah, I’m adventurer Takumi . ”

Going by the majority vote, I decided to accept Oswald-san’s invitation to his house, and introduced myself and the kids .

“I see, thank you for accepting my invitation . Then, Takumi-san, please follow me . It’s this way . ”

“Yes . ”




Chapter 258

On our way to Oswald-san’s house, Allen and Elena were beginning to doze off as we walked .

“Come here . ”

“”… Uniyu . ””

I picked Allen and Elena up in my arms and they genuinely fell asleep .

“My, oh my, they seem to have fallen asleep . Sorry about that~ I wish I had gone to meet you sooner, but I had to confirm what kind of people you were~”

“Well, you can’t just invite someone who you don’t know or what kind of person they are into your home, so I think it was required . It is your place, after all . ”

If I was to meet someone in the middle of a remote forest, I would check to see what kind of person they are first . I wouldn’t just go say hello without any precautions .

“Come on, this way . ”

“Is this the place of the barrier?”

(It’s the place I couldn’t get past earlier!)

As we walked through the forest with Oswald-san’s guidance, I felt a sensation of passing through something like a thin membrane . Because I experienced it before, when visiting the Blue Waters Shrine——the mermaid settlement, I immediately understood what it was .

The location of the transparent wall that Vector found was this place .

“… Which reminds me, is this forest managed by you, Oswald-san?”

“I got a housemate who’s more plant-oriented than I am, doing all sorts of things in her spare time . ”

“I am greatly sorry!”

Hearing Oswald-san’s reply, I immediately apologized .

This forest was filled with so many berries, that it couldn’t be said that they were simply “growing wildly” .

Before meeting Oswald-san, I had thought that it was possible, but when I entered the barrier, I was convinced that it was not the case .

Because the trees and bushes inside the barrier had even more fruit growing on them than outside!

“Hm? What are you apologizing for?”

“We have picked the berries growing in the forest without permission . ”

“Oh, you don’t have to worry about that . This is not really my plot of land or anything, and there’s more than what we can eat ourselves anyway . The rest was just going to decay naturally, so my child would be happy to hear that you found them delicious . ”

Oswald-san didn’t seem to take offense at all, but told me to pick more instead .

(That’s right . Don’t hesitate to eat more . )

“Whoah!”

(Oh my, did I startle you? I am a dryad, Marshelly . Oswald’s companion . )

A woman with green hair suddenly appeared behind me, which caused me to leak out a startled voice .

Dryads are tree spirits, right? Oh, she’s a bit transparent . However, other than that, she looks and her voice sounds (through telepathy) like a normal woman .

“Now, now, Marshelly . The children are sleeping, so stop startling people . ”

(Oh my, it wasn’t on purpose . )

“I know that, but you are not used to dealing with children, are you? If not, you need to be paying attention . ”

(Fufu, that’s true . )

As with Claudia, it can be clearly seen that Oswald-san gets along with Marshelly well .

(Oz, the back room is ready . )

“Thank you, Marshelly . In that case, Takumi-san, please use that room to rest . ”

As soon as we passed through the barrier, we were guided to a room that will be lent to us .

“Thank you very much . Can I talk to you for a little after putting them to bed?”

“I don’t mind, but it’s okay to leave that for tomorrow, no?”

“I’m quite curious about your situation, Oswald-san . ”

“Oh, of course you are . Then, I will make tea and wait for you, so come to the living room I have just shown you after you are done with the children . ”

“Yes, thank you very much . ”

After seeing Oswald-san head to the living room, I entered the room and put Allen and Elena to bed .

“Then, Joule and Vector, please stay with them here . ”

(Okay, got it . )

(Leave it to us~)

Vector, who had declared that he was going to sleep, was already using his small form as a pillow for the kids, and Joule, also in his small form, was already settled between Allen and Elena, so I decided to let them take care of things here while I’m away .

(Takumi Nii, I will also stay here and make sure the two are quiet!)

(Then, Bolt and I will accompany Niisama . )

(Indeed . )

Mile will remain in the room, and Feat in her small form and Bolt will accompany me to talk with Oswald-san .

“You were quick . ”

When I entered the living room, I smelled a very nice fragrance of herbs .

“I have got some herbal tea ready for you, but feel free to let me know if you don’t like it . I will get you something different . ”

“I’m fine . Thank you . ”

I took a sip of the tea and then asked Oswald-san frankly what he wanted .

“What can I do for you, Oswald-san? You don’t like to have much contact with people, since you live in a forest enclosed in a barrier, do you?”

If he lives in the forest far from any towns and villages, it’s easy to imagine that he doesn’t like to socialize very much .

“Just as you said, I live here because I am bothered by the company of people . At first I wasn’t going to show up, I was just going to wait quietly for you guys to leave . ”

It seems that I have guessed right .

“But, you had quite a number of familiars accompanying you, so I got interested by them at first . ”

(Oh my, by us?)

Feat spoke up, but Oswald-san and Marshelly-san didn’t seem to be able to hear her .

So, was Marshelly-san talking normally instead of using Telepathy? Or, as you become more proficient in the Telepathy skill, will you be able to be heard by an unspecified number of people?

For now, I’ll just pat Feat who was in my arms .

“Well, that wasn’t enough to make me want to meet you, but the fact that you were cooking something I’ve never seen before made me even more interested . ”

“… Cooking?”

“It seems like you were using a condiment I didn’t know existed . ”

(I wonder if he’s talking about the shoyu?)

“Right . ”

He was talking about a condiment, so I’m pretty sure it was the shoyu .

shoyu is truly wonderful because it could attract even someone like Oswald-san, who doesn’t want to interact with people very much~

“What I was using is called shoyu . ”

“shoyu? So, do you know what it’s made of? To tell you the truth, I cannot eat meat or fish at all . ”

“Are you a vegetarian? Is that a racial trait?”

“No, it’s unrelated to Elves as a race . I just cannot withstand it myself . ”

“Oh, so it’s like that . ”

Heh~ so not all Elves are vegetarians, huh .

“I get plenty of vegetables and fruits from the forest, and I can ask an acquaintance in the town to supply me with salt and bread, so I am not troubled with that, it’s just… I’m getting a little tired of it . ”

“… Of course you would . ”

A life of only eating bread, vegetables, and fruits, moreover, having salt as the only seasoning on top of it~

Although eating is necessary to keep living, I would get bored too if I had been eating the same diet for more than four hundred years .

“This shoyu I have is made from the sap of a tree, so it should be all right for you to eat, Oswald-san . Also, there are things called miso fruit that can be used as a flavoring, are you aware of those?”

“Miso fruit? That’s a new one! Does it come from a fruit tree?”

Oswald-san’s cheeks were flushed and happy . He seemed to be quite exhausted by his eating habits .

”The rest, yes~ . There are new kinds of salts that have been developed recently, with a variety of flavors . ”

The Easy Salt Series is also not made with meat and fish, so it should be fine .

“Oh! I didn’t know there were different kinds of salt! That’s great information, thanks! I’m so glad I decided to meet you! But even if I hear information this good, it is a question whether that guy will find it and buy it for me…”

“I can give you some?”

I thought that he approached me because he wanted the condiments, but it seems that Oswald-san just wanted information .

“I would be happy to try it right away if you could give it to me . Also, if you can, I’d like you to teach us how to use it . Of course, I have abundant rewards for your trouble, can I request this of you?”

“Teach? You, Oswald-san?”

(No, it’s me . )

Marshelly replied to my question .

Apparently, it’s not Oswald-san who does the cooking, but Marshelly-san . I didn’t know that spirits can cook~

”I can teach you if it’s just something simple, so how about we make tomorrow’s breakfast together?”

(Yes, please . )

“But how much should I teach you?”

“I’d like to say to teach her everything you know… but that’s not how things work . Let’s see, I’d like to ask for a few dishes each made from shoyu and miso . What do you think?”

N~ then, if we make breakfast and lunch together, we could possibly achieve it in terms of the number of dishes, right?

“That’s not a problem . ”

“Really? Thank you, Takumi-san!”

‘No . In lieu of that, may I pick some more berries from the forest? I’d love to be paid with that . ”

(Oh my, that’s not a problem . In fact, you should pick everything that’s ripe . )

I was given the right to pick as many berries as I could in exchange for a handful of seasonings and instructions on how to use them .




Chapter 259

The next morning I borrowed Oswald-san’s kitchen and cooked breakfast with Marshelly-san .

Allen and Elena were in high spirits all morning and went with Joule and the others to the forest to pick fruits .

“Erm, meat and fish are out of the question, but eggs and milk should be okay, right?”

(Yes, that’s correct . Butter and cheese are fine, too . )

I checked with Marshelly-san to see what Oswald-san can eat and decided what to make .

“Well, I suppose we’ll start with the vegetables cooked with the sukiyaki stock as requested by Oswald-san . ”

(Right . Oz’s eyes were glued to it, saying it looked very tasty . )

“I, is that so? Then, should we make the same with green onions and whitebagge?”

(Yes, please let’s do that . )

When I asked whether I should make the same but without meat, since he was so interested in it, Marshelly-san nodded .

“Next would be stir-fry veggies with the Simple Salt Series, miso soup with plenty of vegetables in kombu stock, Ena grass boiled bonito-flavored soy sauce, grilled mushrooms with butter soy sauce, and tamagoyaki, which you can season as you’d like . ”

Rice also seems better than bread here, so I decided to cook some White Wheat too .

“I think any of these salts could be used for stir-fry vegetables, but which one should I use today?”

(Let’s see~ let’s go with this green one today?)

None of the dishes take much effort, so I finished one after another, and finally, I made the vegetable stir-fry .

When I explained that there are different types of flavors of the salts depending on the colors of the lids, Marshelly-san chose the herb salt .

(Oh my, it smells very nice . It is very convenient if this is all you have to do to change the taste . Oz will be happy about this, too~)

“I’m glad to hear that . ”

Just as we were finishing up the meal, the children came back with baskets full of all kinds of fruits .

“”We are back~””

(This forest really is amazing, isn’t it?)

(There are lots of seasonal and non-seasonal things~)

(We picked lots . )

(We are lots!)

(You were the only one eating, Vector!)

“Look, look” the children showed off the baskets .

“You picked so much~ Should we eat it as it is?”

“”Ehh~””

I thought it would be a good idea to eat the fruits raw as they were, since they were all ripe and sweet, but Allen and Elena sounded unhappy .

“What? No?”

“Ice cream~”

“Jam, too~”

(Niichan, I think fruit water would be good, too!)

(Fruit milk sounds nice as well . )

(Wouldn’t these taste incredible as dried fruit?)

(Anything is fine as long as it’s delish!)

(I think they would be yummy if frozen too!)

It was not just Allen and Elena, but Joule and the others told me about other ways to eat them as well .

“Ice cream and jam, fruit water and fruit milk, dried fruit and frozen fruit? Hahaha~ you came up with so many ways to eat them~”

Since Marshelly-san shouldn’t have heard Joule and the others, when I recited the examples, Marshelly-san’s eyes widened in surprise .

(Oh my, there’s so many ways to eat the fruits, I see~ Since there are so many ways, I wonder if you picked enough? You should pick more so you can make everything . )

“”Is okay?””

(It’s fine~)

“Is that really okay?”

(Yes, I mean, Oz hasn’t been eating them much recently~ I’ve never made fruit milk or frozen fruits before, so Ie might eat those if he tried, but that aside, there’s still a lot more growing, right? So, feel free to pick more . )

Did he get tired of eating too much of that delicious fruit?

For lunch… or not, let’s serve some fruit milk and frozen fruits for snack time .

(All right, it seems we are all set . Let’s serve the meal right away . I’m sure Oz is waiting impatiently . )

We all gathered around the table, which is a bit grand for a dining table, and began to eat .

“… Delicious . ”

After taking his first mouthful of the vegetables cooked with the sukiyaki stock, Oswald-san spilled his impressions .

“… This too… and this… they are all delicious . ”

He tasted each dish in turn .

He was a bit teary-eyed .

“This is delish too . ”

“Eat more~”

Seeing the teary-eyed Oswald-san, Allen and Elena recommended him dishes .

“Thank you . But there’s enough for everyone, so you both eat up as well . ”

“”Yeah . ””

We finished breakfast on good terms and after a short break, we started cooking again . This time it was lunch and snacks .

First of all, I decided to make the udon noodles I had planned to make last night, and I asked the kids to help me with that .

“”Steppystep~♪ Steppystep~♪””

I put a small amount of flour, salt, and water together in a plastic bag-like leather bag and have the barefooted kids step on it .

Oh, Joule and the others have gone to pick fruits because they can’t help much here .

“Marshelly-san, it’s not necessary to step on it like this, you can do it with your hands too, but… it takes quite a lot of strength . ”

(I see, but it should be okay if the amount is smaller . )

“That is true . ”

We are making more now, so it takes some effort, but I’m not sure if Marshelly-san’s slender arms can even handle two servings~

“”Become deli~sh♪ become deli~sh♪””

“Looks good so far! If you try for a little longer, it will definitely turn out delicious!”

“”Will work hard!””

While Allen and Elena did their best, I made the after-meal desserts .

Flour, sugar, eggs, mix with milk, and bake thinly on a heated up pan .

“… Oh, there’s a hole in it . ”

The first one unfortunately got a hole torn in the dough when I turned it over, but after a couple of times, I got used to it again .

“”What’s that~?””

Allen and Elena seemed to be watching me work while stepping on the udon noodles and asked me what I was making .

“These are crepe doughs . ”

“”Crepe doughs?””

“Yep . You eat these by stuffing cream or jam and fruits inside of these . I’d love to give you a variety of things to choose from, but today I think we’ll have to go with plenty of cream, berries, and a chocolate sauce . ”

“”Yeah! Looking forward to it~♪””

I continued to bake more and more doughs, and continued to wrap them as they cooled down… but before that, I cut the doughs with holes in them to form bite-sized crepes .

I gave one Marshelly-san to try, and put one each into the mouths of Allen and Elena who were waiting with their mouths wide open .

“”Nn~~~””

(Oh my, it’s so sweet and delicious . )

“Raw fruits, fruit sauce, jams… it would be fine with anything”

(It seems like a lot of fun~)

Allen and Elena, as well as Marshelly-san, seemed to like it .

Oh, come to think of it, I haven’t shared anything with Syl lately~ I’m just about to mass-produce the crepes anyway, so send some Syl’s way .




Chapter 260

I made two kinds of udon for lunch: stewed udon noodles made with a simple shoyu-based noodle soup-like substance, and miso-stewed udon noodles; as well as stir-fried eggplant with miso, and gomoku-mame made with various beans and root vegetables .

“What else should we make~?”

(Say, is there a way to make raw vegetables taste better?)

“There’s this thing called mayonnaise . ”

(Mayonnaise?)

“Yes, it’s eggs mixed with vinegar and oil . ”

Marshelly-san asks me about what goes well with raw vegetables, so I introduce her to mayonnaise .

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan . ””

“Salad . ”

“Sauces~?”

“Salad sauce? Ah, you mean dressings! Come to think of it, I spoke about making some, but never actually did it . Then, let’s make that as well!”

“”Let’s make~!””

He might get tired of eating salads with just mayonnaise, so I’m going to try to make salad dressings to prevent that .

And the dressings are something I’ve been meaning to make for Allen and Elena anyway .

“Let’s start with… green onion . ”

I’d like to make a few different kinds, but I think I would like to start with a soy sauce-based green onion dressing, which I used to like to use . I’d like to eat it again .

First, I fried the chopped green onions and let them cool, then I mixed them with a little bit of shoyu, vinegar, and oil to adjust the flavors .

“N~… something like this?”

“”Ahhh~””

“N?”

“Tasting~~~”

“Haha, got it, got it . ”

As I tasted the shredded lettuce with a bit of the green onion dressing, Allen and Elena opened their mouths so I put some lettuce in their mouths as well .

“”Delish!””

Allen and Elena seemed to like it and opened their mouths again, asking for more .

(Ahh~)

As the children sampled it for the second time, Marshelly-san opened her mouth too .

“Nono, I definitely cannot do that with you, Marshelly-san . ”

(Oh my, how unfortunate . But, is it fine for me to taste it as well?)

“Of course . Please have a try . ”

I could tell she was joking as she opened her mouth with a chuckle . But even if she wasn’t joking, she just cannot say “ahh” to someone in an adult female form, so I asked her to eat it herself .

(Oh my, it’s delicious . )

“You can add more vinegar to make it sourer, or you can add honey to make it sweeter . ”

(So you can change the flavor with a little effort . Right~ Should I try making it with honey?)

“For sure, please give it a try . ”

I made a different dressing while Marshelly-san tried to make the green onion dressing to review .

“What should I do next~ sesame?”

Grind the white sesame seeds until they form a paste, then mix in shoyu, vinegar, sugar, and oil .

“This should be fine?”

“”Ahhh~””

The kids opened their mouths before I even tasted it .

“Gee~ you guys are too fast~”

I dipped the lettuce in a bit of sesame dressing, as I did with the green onion dressing, and put it in their mouths .

“How is it?”

“”Dewishh~””

“That so? I’m glad to hear that . ”

I tasted it too and the flavor was okay .

But I feel that if I don’t write down the amount of seasoning carefully, I’ll end up with a different taste every time .

Hmm… I’m wondering if I should be more consistent or enjoy the subtle differences every time I make this…

(Please try this one as well . )

It looks like Marshelly-san has finished making the green onion dressing with honey .

“Let’s have a taste then . ”

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

“N, it came out very well, Marshelly-san . ”

“”This is delish too~””

(Fufu, I’m glad . )

I liked the sweetened dressing Marshelly-san made .

“Is this enough for lunch?”

(It is~ but, I would like to learn a bit more . Hey, Takumi-san, it’s going to be night soon if you leave in the afternoon . Won’t you stay one more night and continue teaching me in the evening and in the morning? Though I say that, the only rewards I can offer is to let you continue picking the fruits and vegetables from the forest, but won’t you consider it?)

Although the appointment was only for today’s breakfast and lunch, Marshelly-san wanted to learn to cook some more .

It’s true that there’s only a limited number of dishes I could teach her with just two meals . But are there any more dishes I can teach that don’t involve meat and fish?

“N~…”

“”Sure~””

While I was hesitating, Allen and Elena gave their approval first .

(Fufu, thank you . But unfortunately, your older brother doesn’t seem too keen on staying . )

“Nono, I’m also fine with staying longer, but I don’t know what more I could teach you, so…”

(Oh my, so it was like that . Let’s see~ I think it’s good that we can now substitute bread with the White Wheat, but I was wondering if there were any dishes made specially with the White Wheat?)

Oh, I see . I did not make anything with rice yet!

“”Curry!””

“Indeed . Let’s make vegetable curry for dinner . ”

And maybe something like chop suey but without meat and seafood? Chinese-style fried rice also seems like a good idea, as well as a mini-donburi .

Come to think of it, it’s not only the White Wheat, but Red Wheat should be fine for Oswald-san too, right?

“I would like to teach you about mochi too, but I don’t know where to get Red Wheat . I only have a little remaining…”

When I checked the Red Wheat on my Infinite Storage list, the amount obviously increased .

“… Was it Syl?”

This is… he liked the mochi I sent him before, so he would like more?

“”Onii~ chan, what is it?””

“No, I was only confirming how much Red Wheat we have left . ”

“Red Wheat!”

“Mochi~!”

“”Wanna eat~!””

(Red Wheat? That’s another rare crop you are talking about~)

“Is it like that, after all?”

(Yes, I don’t know the exact place, but it should be cultivated only in a small part of a region . But, though immediately would be impossible, I would be able to grow it myself, you know?)

It looks like Marshelly-san could grow Red Wheat without any problems .

“There’s a light meal or rather a snack called Mochi, which is made from Red Wheat…”

(Please teach me by all means . )

Since she could get her hands on Red Wheat, I asked her if I should teach her how to make mochi, and she replied instantly that she wants to learn .

“Understood . ”

(Fufu, thank you . )

Let’s leave mochi for tomorrow morning . Rice dumplings, red bean paste, roasted soybean flour… grated radish would be nice too . Ah, butter shoyu sounds nice too .

Since the main dishes for the dinner and breakfast have already been decided, I’ll just make stir-fried vegetables and stewed vegetables of different flavors .




Chapter 261

Following breakfast, lunch also suited Oswald-san’s palate as he highly praised it .

Then, dinner . I prepared four kinds of rice dishes: vegetable curry and rice, chop-suey ricel, Chinese-style fried rice, mushroom rice with many kinds of mushrooms, and I also made au gratin potatoes, vegetable tempura, miso-pickled cucumbers, and radish stew… regardless for their suitability of eating them together .

“All of them were very delicious . ”

“”Delish~””

Oswald-san ate so much food that I wondered where in his slender body it went, and as if following Oswald-san by example, Allen and Elena also ate a lot of food . So the amount of food that I made thinking that I could store in the Infinite Storage for later was all gone .

“Don’t you feel sick from eating too much…?”

“I feel a little over-indulged, but I’m feeling uplifted . I didn’t realize there were so many different types of food I could eat!”

“I’m glad you liked it, but be careful not to eat too much . ”

At this rate, all I can see is the future where the slender Oswald-san is going to get blubbery and fat .

“”Become bouncy-bounce?””

“You guys ate lots too, didn’t you~”

“Yeah . ”

“Ate lots~”

“Haha, it should be fine if it’s only once . ”

“”Thank goodness~””

Allen and Elena looked worried as they touched their own stomachs, but when I told them that they will be okay, they seemed reassured .

(Oz will be fine too . Since Oz doesn’t know how to cook, I will be the one making it . I will only make the usual amount of food from tomorrow afternoon . )

“That’s a relief . ”

“N, no way… Marshelly, we just got new recipes to try, so you should cook a little more——”

(You can’t . )

Marshelly-san interrupted Oswald-san’s words and said flatly refused him .

It seems that Oswald-san has no future of gaining weight . Well, he’s a little too skinny now, so I think it’s okay for him to get a little fat, though .

(Oh, by the way, Takumi-san . I have a request for you . )

“A request?”

Marshelly-san looked at me with an apologetic look on her face .

(Yes, I’m really sorry that I’m asking another request of you immediately after you completed the previous one, but from now on, I would like to ask you to help us procure some condiments and seasonings once every two or three months . )

“Erm… you mean delivering it here?”

(No, we will come to get it ourselves . )

“N?”

If you are coming to pick it up, that means you are coming to town, right? Why not just get it yourselves?

“… It’s my contracted beast that will come to get it .

Oswald-san shabbily added to Marshelly-san’s words .

“By a contracted beast, you mean… Claudia?”

“No, it’s not Claudia, but Lyra, an Edenbird . ”

“… Edenbird . ”

(She just left for a stroll, so she’s currently not present . )

Edenbird is an A-ranked monster . I thought that Dryad and Black Panther were quite incredible to see, but he even contracted with an Edenbird . Oswald-san is truly an amazing person~

When you consider that the only ones I contracted on my own are the Pastel Rabbits… it makes me seem quite miserable, doesn’t it?

“If, if I remember correctly, you said that you have an acquaintance that gets food for you, right?”

“Yes, that’s true, but he is, after all, a hassle to deal with . He reluctantly gets me things like salt and bread because he owes me a favor, but he’s always asking me to find a replacement . ”

(That man is too much of a bother! When I ask him for things, he won’t buy them properly!)

“Oh, really?”

Ahh, so you want me to take over .

“Huh? Earlier, Marshelly-san, you said that you can grow Red Wheat, so I’m sure you can grow soy and miso fruit as well, no?”

(They are plants I have never seen before, so it’s unlikely . )

I see, so it’s not like she can grow… everything .

She didn’t know that shoyu and miso existed, so of course, she has never seen the trees grow .

“But we are moving around so much, wouldn’t it be too difficult?”

“In that case, you can hold onto this . ”

Oswald-san took out a drop-shaped stone that was the same color as his eyes, which looked like fresh green leaves .

“Erm… this is?”

“This is the stone that I poured my magical power into . With this, Lyra can trace my magical power to wherever you are . ”

Oh, which reminds me, when Kaiser gave me his scales, he said something similar!

“Of course, we will make sure that Lyra has more money than it takes to buy it . ”

(Vegetables and fruits, everything I grow here, too . )

The vegetables and fruits grown by Marshelly-san are so fresh and delicious that they are very appealing .

“The main things to buy are salt and bread . The flavorings I provided this time should be fine, right?”

“Yes, indeed . And anything else that seems like I could eat is also welcome . ”

(And then there are the processed goods, like tea . I can make herbal tea, but I can’t process tea leaves into tea . And occasionally, household items as well . Whenever a pot or a dish is about to break, I will ask for help . )

I see, they won’t be worried about tea if they don’t have it, but they will welcome it . They will also need to replace the aging utensils .

“I understand . I’ll take care of it . ”

I have the Infinite Storage, so I’ll just buy a reasonable amount of it ahead of time to be flexible when Lyra comes around .

“Really! Thank you!”

(Thank you for accepting . )

When I accepted, both Oswald-san and Marshelly-san seemed delighted .

(Right, Takumi-san, I can grow plants regardless of the season to some extent, so if there’s anything you want, just ask for it . )

“Thank you . I will let you know if something comes to mind . If I come up with any additional dishes, I’ll write them down on a piece of paper for you, too . ”

(Oh my, that’s wonderful . Thank you very much . )

Negotiations were concluded and we spent the rest of the evening relaxing .

“”… Funiyu~””

(Why it’s not me!)

(Vector, don’t make ruckus!)

(Yeah, you will wake up the two . )

Before I knew it, Allen and Elena had fallen asleep on Claudia, using her belly as a pillow . Vector fussed with a disgruntled look on his face, but was chided by Feat and Joule .

“My, oh my, they are totally asleep . ”

“I’m sorry, Claudia . I will move them right away . ”

“Garu . ”

(Takumi-san, she doesn’t dislike it, so it’s fine . )

“Is that so? Ah~ one of my children seem to be getting jealous, though~”

“Hahaha~ is it the red boy?”

Even if you didn’t understand what they were saying, you could tell just by looking at him that Vector was being jealous .

“Correct . I’m going to go take the kids to their room because they will be woken up from all the noise . ”

”Well, if you have someone else’s contracted beast taking your role, you might as well be jealous . Do that then . Yeah, but will you be coming back, Takumi-san?

“Yes, sir . ”

I picked the kids up and laid them down in their room with Vector wagging his tail as hard as he could, and returned to talk with Oswald-san some more .




Chapter 262

The next morning, I cooked some Red Wheat and made a large quantity of mochi while teaching Marshelly-san . I rolled it up into bite-sized pieces and decided to go with whatever flavors I personally liked such as, sweet red bean paste, sweet soy sauce, roasted soybean flour, grated radish, and butter shoyu .

Yesterday, I sent Syl crepes when I had the chance, and later I will send him mochi in this style later .

“This is also delicious~”

(Truly . So Red Wheat could turn this springy in texture, huh . )

“Yes, I’m surprised at that too, but it’s amazing how different the change in taste is . ”

“I’m glad you like it . ”

Since Marshelly-san seems to be preparing to mass-produce the Red Wheat, I asked her if she could give me some since I was about to run out of my stock .

After parting with Oswald-san, we resumed heading to Rubia again .

I didn’t expect to meet Oswald-san and his friends, but we only spent two days there . Therefore, I decided to keep moving at a leisure pace .

(N~ I’m more curious about over there!)

“Is something there?”

(Dunno, I just feel like it!)

“Is that so? But well, it’s fine . Let’s take a look . ”

(Yay~)

For the time being, I decided to go into the direction Joule was curious about .

(Depart!)

Vector ran up ahead .

“Shall we go too then?”

“”Yess~””

(Oniichan, get on, get on . )

(Allen-chan and Elena-chan on me then . )

(Do you want to go with me, Mile?)

(Sure!)

I got onto Joule, Allen, and Elena on Feat, and Mile got on Bolt, and we chased after Vector .

“”Ah!””

“Oh, I can see the sea . ”

“”It’s the sea~!!””

After running for a while, a sea came into sight .

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan . ””

“Wanna swim~”

“In the sea~”

“Yeah . Let’s play for a while . ”

“”Yaaay~””

(((((Yay~)))))

The weather has warmed up and it was a perfect day for swimming .

As soon as I gave my consent, everyone ran in a straight line toward the sea .

“Wait, Joule, stop for a moment!”

(Here I goo~)

“Uoh!!”

Jules ran into the sea with me on his back, and when he got to a certain depth, he dove in with all his might .

“Hey!? Joule!!”

I got completely soaked, because I wasn’t prepared for this .

(Here we go~)

“”Yay~””

(Kyaa~)

Following us, Allen and Elena who were on Feat’s back, and Mile who was on Bolt’s back jumped into the sea .

(Aniue, I will be patrolling around to see whether there are monsters in the vicinity . Please be careful while in the water . )

“Alright . Thank you . ”

(Yes!)

Bolt left to patrol the surroundings .

“H~e~y~ Jou~le~ why did you jump in with me still on your back!”

(Ehehehe~)

I got off of Joule’s back and went around to his front and squished his cheeks between my hands . However, Joule didn’t feel any pain or remorse and laughed .

(Oniichan, swim with us too!)

It appears that he wanted me to play with them also, so he jumped straight in .

“Let’s play . ”

“Together~”

“Alright, alright . ”

Allen and Elena hugged me, and appealed to me to play with them .

(Niichan!)

“Huh?”

When I agreed, and we were about to start playing, Vector called for me . However, he wasn’t nearby .

“”Over there~””

“N?”

(Niichan, I want to play too!)

Vector didn’t go into the sea, but instead was slumped on the beach . The naughty Vector didn’t jump into the sea because he didn’t seem to want to get wet .

“Oh, he doesn’t have the mermaid bracelet . ”

I immediately went over to Vector and attached a mermaid bracelet to him .

(Thank you, Niichan . )

“You really dislike water, don’t you?”

(Yeah . Say, Niichan, can I leave this bracelet on?)

“Sure you can . However, it’s not a solidly built magic tool, so it will break if you are not careful . ”

(Okay!)

Vector, who was no longer wet after wearing the mermaid bracelet, was now in the water, so we started playing .

“So, what are we going to play?”

“”Waves!””

“Waves?… Ah, that?”

The game we did when we played in the sea near the Bailey, the one where we used water magic methods to make waves and make them carry us off freely .

“Sure . ——Ah, right, hold onto this . ”

I took out a number of soapy balloons from the Infinite Storage and handed them around .

For Allen and Elena, I give them ones that were big enough to hold in both hands . I guess they wanted to surf too, so I gave Joule and Feat, who have instantly become smaller, something as big as their bodies . For Vector, I will need the biggest thing I have . And one that is big enough for Mile that she can ride on .

“Alright, here I go~”

I used Water Magic to create waves and make the children’s bodies flow in a big circular motion . This time I tried to make the movement like a flowing pool instead of a pool with waves .

The soapy balloons were like beach balls, so they served as floats, so they were easier to make them flow around . However, thanks to the irregularity of the moving soapy balloons, children’s bodies were spinning around in circles .

“”Kyaa~””

(Wow, this is fun~)

(Fufu, this feels good~)

(Fugya!)

(Ohhh!)

Each of the kids seemed to be enjoying themselves, Allen, Elena, Joule, and Feat were flowing along, holding onto the soapy balloons well, Vector was falling down and climbing up onto his soapy balloon, while Mile was showing off her street performer-esque balloon-riding skills .

(Aniue~)

Bolt, who returned from surveying the surroundings returned .

“Welcome back, Bolt . How was it?”

(There don’t seem to be any problems . )

“I see, thank you . ”

(It’s nothing . )

When I patted Bolt, who stopped on my shoulder as I continued manipulating the Water Magic, Bolt rubbed against me happily .

(Aniue, what kind of game is this?)

“I wonder? Spinning the sea currents? For me, it’s an exercise in water magic . Would you like to join them, Bolt?”

(No, I’m good . I want to stay with Aniue . )

Bolt is a really good, earnest, sweet kid .




Chapter 263

“Ah, I forgot!”

“”Nniyu?””

(Oniichan, what is the matter?)

(Niisama?)

(Is something the matter, Aniue?)

(What, what? What’s up?)

(Takumi Nii?)

In the middle of playing in the ocean, I suddenly remembered something important and raised my voice, and the kids stared at me worriedly .

“Sorry, I remembered that we forgot about souvenirs . ”

“”Souvenirs~?””

“For Rebecca-san and others . We were told that it would be fine to just talk about our journey, but it would be better to prepare some kind of items, don’t you think?”

(Niisama, did you not say you would take the Tyrant Bear fur we found at the lake as a souvenir?)

Sure enough, Vector did find a good bear fur at the sparkling water lake*** . It has already been processed by artisans at the Kelm’s Adventurer’s Guild . But that’s not good enough .

***(I don’t recall any bears, so it’s either LN-only bear encounter at the hot springs, or the sparkling water lake itself is a place they only visit in the LN version, I honestly have no idea . )

“Yeah, but that’s not enough . ”

“”Ah, wolf!””

Allen and Elena shouted as if they remembered something .

“We did not make promises to get it, but we did talk about getting bear and wolf fur for a rug as a souvenir, didn’t we?”

We also talked about Dragon meat, but that seems quite impossible, so let’s prepare the fur rugs as we said .

(I see . We need to get wolf fur then!)

“It would be nice if we could . ”

“”((((… Wolf . ))))””

When I nodded to Joule’s words, the eyes of the other children turned towards him .

(W, what!? A, are you thinking about getting it from me!? You cannot do that!!)

Joule shuddered .

(My, oh my, Joule, we have not said anything . We only happened to look your way . )

(That’s right . We will commit to getting the fur as long as Aniue wants it, but we would not tear it off of you just because . We only happened to look your way . )

Feat and Bolt claimed that they only happened to look Joule’s way .

Rather, Bolt-san? You were going to pluck Joule’s fur if I said I want it!?

(Oniichaaa~n . )

“They only happened to look your way after talking about a wolf . No one is going to hurt you, Joule~”

“Jou~le~”

“Sorry~”

I comforted the teary-eyed Joule .

Allen and Elena worked together to improve Joule’s mood for a while after that .

“That reminds me, although we have yet to meet them, what are you guys going to do when you meet monsters of the same kind?”

Fenrirs, Celestial Tigers, Thunderhawks, Scarlet King Leos, and Forest Rats are not monsters you would usually meet near the human habitats, but we can’t be sure we won’t ever meet them, so let’s make sure .

(N~? Take them down, of course, if they show hostility . )

(I don’t think they would attack as soon as we encounter them, but… it’s not absolute . I won’t hold back if they show hostility towards you, though . Niisama . )

(I will respond in kind if they attack . But I don’t think I will get aggressive myself if they are not hostile to us . )

(I don’t know who will come out on top, but I’m definitely going to fight them in a contest of strength!)

(My race doesn’t fight too much in the first place!)

“I get it, thank you . ”

For now, it seems that we should be the most careful about other Scarlet King Leos . They are a belligerent type of monster in the first place .

“”Ah!””

Allen and Elena shouted, pointing towards the sea .

“What was it again~”

“Squid~?”

“That seems to be an octopus, not a squid . ”

Its head was round, so it must be an octopus . A large number of octopi could be seen jumping out of the water and diving into the sea like flying fish . I couldn’t see the exact size of the octopi from this distance, but they seemed to be of the common sense size… Well, there seemed to be a little bit more of them, though .

(Those are not monsters, right?)

(Seems like it . )

(Are they coming this way?)

(We just have to beat them down if they are! Say, are octopuses yummy?)

(I don’t know!)

It appears they weren’t monsters but normal octopi .

“Which reminds me, I have no octopi on me~”

I have both regular and demon squid as ingredients, but I don’t have any octopus . I could make Takoyaki, octopus rice, tender octopus stew, octopus karaage, and even some vinegar stuff~

(Alright, let’s get them!)

(Indeed . I’m going to guide them a little . )

(Feat, I’m going too . )

With Joule’s sudden command, everyone began to act to capture the octopi, and Feat and Bolt flew towards the flock of octopi .

“Wait a moment . What’s up all of the sudden?”

(If Takumi Nii wants it, then we can only get it!)

When I checked with the remaining kids to see what was going on, I got a crazy answer .

To my surprise, it was because of my whispered comment that I didn’t have any octopus!!

(I will make a solid net out of ivy! When the flock approaches, ask Feat and Bolt to drop it on top of them!)

(So once they are captured, you and I will pull them out, Vector)

(Got it! Leave it to me!)

Moreover, they are planning to use dragnet!

“What about Allen~?”

“And Elena~?”

(You guys help them pull too!)

“”Got it~!””

(Ah, Feat, use this!)

(We are capturing them with this? Got it . )

While I was stunned, Mile handed a large net to Feat, who came back after successful herding, and Feat flew above the octopi once more with the net in her arms and released the net onto them . And then Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector hauled in the net .

(One more pull!)

“”((There we go!))””

The net got pulled up even before I could react to help .

“”So many~!””

(Ohh~ look at how many there are!)

(So much fish, too!)

There were other kinds of seafood that got pulled up alongside the targeted octopi, so Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector were in great joy .

(Good work! Amazing!)

(My, oh my, we got a big haul . )

(I did not think we would pull so much fish too . )

Mile, Feat, and Bolt stared at the big haul in surprise .

“Good work . I’m sorry I couldn’t be of help . ”

(Oniichan’s work starts from here on out!)

(Yep, yep . Niichan, we leave the great dishes in your hands!)

“”Food~♪””

When I apologized for not being able to do anything to help, they all demanded a meal right away .

“All right . But before that, I’m going to clean those sticky, wet bodies of yours and collect the haul . ”

“”(((((Okaay~)))))””

First of all, I used Washing and Dry to clean ourselves from all the seawater .

We might get dirty and wet again after we finish collecting the still jumping fish, but if we stay in our current state, with the clothes sticking to our bodies, it would be too hard to move . Since I have plenty of magic power to spare, I can clean us again if we get dirty again .

“Then, let’s split up and collect them . ”

“”(((((Ohh!)))))””

Frankly speaking, it took longer to retrieve the fish and octopi than it did to get them out of the sea .

It was partly because we had to sort out the fish that could be eaten, but also because they couldn’t be put into the Infinite Storage in a live state, so they had to be killed first . Allen and Elena also helped me with their own knives, but there was quite a lot of them .

When I secured a good amount, I suggested that we return the rest to the sea, but all of the kids refused, so I continued to work until the end .




Chapter 264

“”((That was delicious~~~))””

(((Thank you for the meal . )))

Since the fish was fresh, I simply grilled it and cooked octopus with rice for lunch .

“Fresh fish taste great, after all~”

The taste and texture of the octopus was great, and I’m thankful for the kids .

Next time, I’d like to try my hand at octopus dumplings . The griddle for grilling octopus was prepared for this occasion . Moreover, I also found some seaweed that could be used to make Aonori (green laver) . Rather, if I manage to make green laver, I’d like to make seaweed salt and first and make potato chips with it!

“Well then, what do we do in the afternoon?”

“”Wolf~””

“N? The wolf pelt? But, will we find any so conveniently?”

We might be able to find low-ranked wolves, but we’d be hard pressed to find one that would be good to make a rug for a nobleman’s mansion .

“Ah!”

“”Nniyu?””

Come to think of it, the Red Wolf and Bloody Wolf we defeated in the Gaya Forest are still in my Infinite Storage .

“We had pelt!”

(Niisama, you mean a wolf pelt?)

“Right, the Bloody Wolf should be spotless, too . ”

Allen and Elena defeated it by kicking it, so there should be no cuts to it . Oh, do even air bullets leave marks?

(Bloody Wolves have pretty good fur . )

(Yeah . Well, it’s a far cry from a Fenrir’s fur . )

(Well, you are comparing it to my fur, after all!)

Joule wagged his tail happily after hearing Feat’s praise .

“”… Jii~~~””

Allen and Elena stared straight back at him .

(Allen!? Elena!? You can’t take my fur even if you stare at me for so long!)

“”… Was not looking~””

(You totally were!? You looked at me as if I was prey, though!?)

“”Wasn’t, wasn’t . ””

Allen and Elena who were staring fixedly at Joule quickly averted their gazes .

(Hey, Oniichan, you saw it, right——)

“”Heyhah~””

(Whoah!)

In the moment when Joule’s gaze turned to me, the kids jumped on him and hugged his neck, squeezing him tightly .

It seems that what Allen and Elena were aiming for was the timing of the jump .

(Hah~ that startled me~)

“”So warm, mofumofu~””

The two rubbed their faces against Joule’s neck .

Joule’s fur was fluffy and thick, so it feels good to rub your face against it like that~

“Allen loves to mofumofu Joule~”

“Elena too~”

Allen and Elena laughed even more . What cute smiles they have .

(Oniichan, can I leave for a moment?)

“That’s fine with me, but… why so suddenly? Where are you going?”

(I’m going to find a Fenrir and kill it!)

“Eh!? Nonono, why!?”

(Mine is out of question, but Allen and Elena can wear another Fenrir’s fur, no? Or use it as a blanket . Maybe a muffler? Anyhow, to make something of it!)

Joule was fully motivated . Moreover, when you translate it, it becomes “Ready to kill . ”

“”… Joule, you are leaving?””

Allen and Elena who were smiling just a moment ago were now looking downhearted after hearing Joule’s sudden declaration .

(Eh!? W, what do I do . I hate the thought of separating from Allen and Elena even for a minute… but, but, I really want to bring back a nice to the touch pelt back . Kyuu, it’s the ultimate choice!)

Joule was flustered .

“Calm down, Joule . ”

(I mean, but…)

“You just have to stay by Allen and Elena’s side . ”

(But then, I won’t be able to get supreme mofumofu for them . )

“Your fur is much surely much better than the fur of a wild Fenrir, so if you are by their side to embrace at all times, Allen and Elena would be much happier . ”

The children nodded in agreement .

(Really?)

“”Yeah, want Joule!””

Allen and Elena hugged Joule’s neck, and Joule happily wagged his tail .

(… I don’t think I will lose in terms of fur, though~)

While I was feeling relieved that we were able to stop Joule from acting without thinking, I heard Feat mutter in a low voice from my side .

… Is she sulking?

“F, Feat?”

(What is it, Niisama?)

“Your fur is also wonderful . ”

I stoked the back of Feat’s neck .

Feat’s fur is short so it doesn’t feel that thick, but it feels very soft on touch, so it really entices you to touch it at all times .

“Feat is~”

“Smoothy-smooth~”

(Oh my, truly? I’m happy to hear that . )

The mood of Feat who was a little sulkish, immediately improved when she heard Allen and Elena’s praise .

(Me? What about me?)

“Vector is~”

“A bit rough~”

(Gah…)

Vector’s fur is of the bristle type, after all . That being said, it’s not uncomfortable on touch .

Rather, gah… he said it out loud .

(Niichan, don’t you have any medicine to make my fur silky smooth!?)

“Silky smooth, huh?”

Unfortunately, there is no such thing as a hair-specific shampoo or conditioner . Well, it’s just that I don’t have one and I don’t know about it, but it’s not impossible to find one somewhere . … Over here, you normally wash with soapy water and use a perfumed oil .

This is probably the most common way of doing it, as it was the case at the Risner and Ruven mansions .

“Would you like to try using perfume oil?”

(Perfume oil?)

“It’s an oil with a scent . It’s also used to moisten dry hair . ”

Perfume oils come in many different smells, floral, fruit, herbal, etc . , but I’m sure there are unscented ones as well .

“But, you would have to wash yourself first before using it . ”

(Wash!? You mean I would have to get wet!? No way!!)

He rejected with all of his might .

Anyhow, why don’t I clean him with Washing and try some perfume oils~ Oh, but the only perfume oils I have on me are of the herbal type .

“In any case, if you are to use it, we need to get some unscented perfume oil, so we can’t do that at the moment . ”

In addition to the unscented one, I’ll get some other ones with different smells~ Even I could use a citrus fragrance, and Elena would find something she likes too, like a flowery fragrance or something .

(It’s fine! I have given up already!)

“Don’t be modest . I will prepare it properly . ”

I didn’t tell Vector that I could use “Washing” instead of washing him normally, and kept smiling .




Chapter 265

When I was done teasing Vector, I called out to Bolt and Mile as well . I don’t want them to be sulking like Feat .

However, Bolt and Mile seemed to realize that their fur/feathers were not of the same genre as the fluffy ones and didn’t seem to mind . Well, I gave them a good headpatting for being so understanding .

We spent the night on the beach and welcomed the morning .

“So, what do we do today?”

After eating a good breakfast, it was time to decide on today’s schedule .

“”N~?””

(Play! Even though I say that, I have no idea what to play~)

(Let’s search for sea ingredients?)

(We caught lots of fish and seaweed yesterday, though~)

(It’s good to have a big stock! Let’s catch more . )

(Then, how about we go for the fish that are deeper in the sea instead?)

The kids shared their opinions .

“”Fish!””

(Yep, yep . It’s better to have more, right~)

(We could look for shellfish, too . )

(Why don’t we search for medicinal plants too then?)

(Get everything!)

(It’s decided then!)

It looks like we’re going to be doing some kind of fishing today again .

Well, in this world, there are only so many things to do to play, so in the end, we will just end up collecting things .

N~ the ingredients in my Infinite Storage quickly hoarding . I don’t have to sell much of it because it never goes bad, but it would be better to sell some of it, right?

“”… Can’t?””

“N? I’m fine with it . ”

(Oniichan, you were making a difficult expression, though?)

Apparently, my thinking face needlessly worried the kids .

“Sorry about that~ I’m happy to find new ingredients, but our harvest has been recently far exceeding the amount of ingredients we consume, so I was wondering whether it would be a good idea to sell some of it . ”

(You can’t~! I will eat it so you can’t sell it!)

The first one to react to my words was Vector .

(Indeed~ I have no problems with you using the necessary amount to complete a request, or giving some to your acquaintances, but I would prefer if you didn’t sell the rest~)

(That’s true . They won’t rot in your Infinite Storage, and they won’t become a burden, so I would rather not sell, Aniue . )

(Takumi Nii, I want you to collect lots of food!)

Feat, Bolt, and Mile were also against selling .

(Oniichan, let’s amass lots of food to seclude ourselves on a mountain or something!)

“”Ohh~ sounds amusing!””

(Indeed, that sounds fun . )

I see, so living in a place where there are no people like Oswald-san is also a possibility? Well, in that case, I think it will be only for a short period of time, though .

If that happens, I wouldn’t be able to buy things easily, so we would have to save up a lot of stuff . And I don’t want an inconvenient life!

“Okay, I got it . I will not sell even if we amass a ton of food . A secluded mountain life also sounds good to me . ”

“”(((((Yay~)))))””

“However! Taking every root and branch is out of the question . It would be a problem if we damaged the ecosystem or if the people in need wouldn’t be able to get what they need . ”

“”(((((Okay~)))))””

If my children get serious, I feel they would pick off the entire region, so I could only caution them beforehand .

“Let’s put the mermaid bracelets to use then . ”

Vector was still wearing his, so I put bracelets on the other four .

“Allen, Elena, are you wearing yours?”

“”Is fine! I put it on~!””

Allen and Elena took the bracelets out from their pouches and put them on .

“Alright, let’s swim further into the open sea first then!”

“”(((((Ohh~!)))))””

We entered the sea and aimed for the deep sea .

“This will be the first time you guys enter the sea entirely, right? Will you be all right~?”

They played in the shallows, swam in a lake, and submerged themselves in hot spring, but this will be their first time diving, right?

(Yeah, I’m fine~ It sounds fun~)

(Niisama, I have no problems either . )

(I’m sorry, Aniue . I’m not quite used to swimming itself, so it would be a bit impossible for me to fight . )

(Mumumu~ It’s hard to go into the direction I want to go . )

(I’m good! But I can’t match everyone’s speed~)

Well, there seemed to be no problems in general .

“Bolt, just leave the fighting to me, and get used to swimming slowly . ”

“Allen will fight~”

“Leave it to Elena~”

… Ah~ I don’t feel like it’s going to be my turn anytime soon again~

“Vector, calm down first . You don’t have to flap your limbs so much, just move them slowly . ”

(Like this? Ah, like this, I see! Yeah, seems somewhat okay!)

“Mile, why don’t you hold onto someone . ”

(Got it! I will hold onto you, Feat!)

(Sure~)

Things should be fine like this .

“”Ah!””

Allen and Elena seemed to have found something, and they swam to the bottom of the sea speedily .

(Mu, I can’t keep up with Allen and Elena’s speed in the water . )

(Truly . My, oh my, they are both so lively today~)

With a little more experience, I’m sure Joule and others will be able to swim as well as Allen and Elena .

I’m just getting used to swimming myself, so I have a feeling that Joule and others will be better at it than me in no time .

“Onii~ chan, look, look~”

“It’s a pretty flower . ”

“Yes, yes, I’m coming over now~”

Allen and Elena called me to the bottom of the sea, where there was a slowly swaying yellow flower .

“Oh~ it’s a yellow butterfly flower . ”

“”Yellow butterfly?””

“Allen doesn’t know . ”

“Elena too . Is this medicine?”

Allen and Elena have read a lot of encyclopedias and complete botanical books on medicinal herbs, so they are quite familiar with them . But they don’t know what’s not in the books .

“Erm… yellow butterfly flower can be, more or less, called a medicinal plant, I guess? It’s a flower that is mainly used in beauty products . ”

“”Beauty products?””

“They are items used by women . This certainly isn’t described in the books we have . We have not bought any recently, so let’s buy some books when we get at the town . ”

“”Yeah! Let’s buy lots!””

We decided to visit a bookstore when we get to Rubia .

(Hmm, are we taking it?)

“We should, this is something the women of nobility seek, so it might make a good souvenir for Rebecca-san . ”

“”Will make Obaasama happy?””

“Probably . ”

“”Let’s pick lots!””

Hearing that it might make their Obaasama——Rebecca-san happy, Allen and Elena got fired up .

“Just don’t pick too many~”

“”I know!””

… Although I cautioned them, it goes without saying that they collected every root and branch .




Chapter 266

The yellow butterfly flowers are said to be quite valuable, but that’s because they bloom on the seafloor, so they are hard to find . The reproductive capacity itself seems to be quite good, so… well, they will be just barely safe .

“”I’m so~rry . ””

“You thankfully didn’t get past the worst part… well, let’s leave it at that . But you have to be more careful next time . ”

“”Yes!””

“Mm, good answer!”

Allen and Elena reply cheerfully with their hands raised .

Since they seem to be firmly remorseful, Allen and Elena would not make the same mistake again .

“Now then… shall we move on?”

“”You see, you see!””

“What is it?”

“”Let’s go that way~!””

When I tried to proceed a little deeper, Allen and Elena pointed in the direction they wanted to go .

“That way? I have not decided where to go in particular, so I don’t really mind, but did you discover something?”

(Treasure~?)

(Isn’t it medicinal plants?)

(A monster, perhaps?)

(Something yummy!)

(I’m sure it’s minerals!)

Joule and others raised their predictions in turns .

“”N~ Don’t know . But…””

“Something’s~”

“There~?”

Allen and Elena themselves didn’t seem to understand it, so they tilted their heads puzzledly .

“Oh well, that’s fine . Let’s just see it ourselves . ”

“”(((((Ohh~)))))””

Since it caught Allen and Elena’s eyes, something must be there . Well, I planned on wandering around to begin with, so I have no problem going there even if we don’t find anything .

“”Ah! Crab~””

(Oh, that’s not fair! I’m going too~)

The moment monsters entered their sights, Allen and Elena swam towards them at great speeds . Vector chased after the two .

(Wow . They left so vigorously . )

(They are getting further and further apart from Vector . )

“For sure . Well, it’s not such a formidable enemy, so they will be fine . ”

I would stop them if it seemed even a bit dangerous, but it wasn’t an enemy they would make a mistake against and get injured, so I let the two do as they please .

“Nevertheless…”

(Is something the matter, Niisama?)

“I cannot confirm since we are still far away, but isn’t that a Sand Lobster?”

(It’s torso sure does look long . )

It’s similar to a crab, but isn’t that actually a shrimp? Huh? Or was it a crayfish? Well, whatever, let’s go with shrimp .

(Oh, they defeated it . )

(Allen and Elena seem to be dragging the prey back . )

(Vector did not even catch up yet, though . )

(Ah, they passed by each other!)

Vector made a U-turn in panic and chased after the twins again . However, they steadily pulled away again .

“”Back~””

“Welcome . Any injuries?”

“”None!””

“That’s good . By the way, did you have no inclination to wait on Vector?”

“”Vector~?””

“He was chasing after you two, but you left him behind both times, you know? Look, over there . ”

“”Nniyu?””

Allen and Elena turned around, faced Vector who was swimming towards us, and they tilted their heads .

“Erm… you didn’t notice?”

“”Ehehe~””

Looks like they only saw the prey .

(Allen, Elena, why did you not wait for me!)

“”Sorry~””

The kids apologized to Vector while smiling, but they did not seem to be reflecting whatsoever .

“”You know, you know, it wasn’t a crab~””

Rather than that… is what the kids’ tone was suggesting to me, as they seemed to have more interest in the Sand Lobster .

“Ah, yes . That’s a Sand Lobster . It’s not a crab but something like a shrimp . ”

“”Shrimp!””

Allen and Elena’s eyes were sparkling .

“Big!”

“Ebi fry!”

“”Wanna eat!””

“This sized!?”

“”Yea!””

The Sand Lobster was half the size of the twins’ bodies .

“I don’t think I will be able to put it over a fire at this size, you know?”

“”Ehh~~~””

It might seem done from the outside, but I wouldn’t want it to be raw on the inside, so when I voiced out my opinion, the kids raised their voices in displeasure .

“Wouldn’t it be better to cut it into bite sizes and eat it in other various dishes?”

“”Other dishes?””

“In addition to ebi fry, I have eaten ebi chili before . There’s also ebi mayo, ebi tempura, you can also use the tempura for onigiri . Don’t you think that a cream stew also sounds good?”

When I named the shrimp dishes I could recall, the children’s faces gradually lit up . Well, Joule and others were the same, so everyone’s faces were bright .

“”Wanna eat all!””

(They are all dishes I have never heard about!)

(Is one Sand Lobster going to be enough for all of those dishes, though?)

(Indeed . One does not seem to be enough . )

(Hunt more!)

(We have to find them first! Let’s search!)

I just wanted to deflect the giant ebi fry idea, but I have ended up motivating them in a different way .

“”Depaaart~””

(((((Ohhh~)))))

From there, the actions of the kids were swift .

“”That way~””

(Roger that . That way it is . )

They started looking for the Sand Lobsters .

“Over there~!”

“Over there as well~!”

Allen and Elena immediately found Sand Lobsters and split up .

(Wait up~)

(My, oh my, they really are eager, aren’t they~)

Joule and Bolt followed Allen, while Feat and Vector went after Elena . Mile stayed with me .

The other kids seemed to get used to swimming already as they followed Allen and Elena with quite the speed .

“Ohh—”

“Yaa—”

However, even though they have gotten used to it, they were still unable to catch up with Allen and Elena, so when they arrived, Allen and Elena already finished dealing with the Sand Lobsters .

(Hm~mm, we still can’t catch up, huh~)

(As expected, it’s not the same as running on the ground . )

(Swimming is just way too different from flying for me . )

(So-ve-xi-ng~~~)

(Allen and Elena are unrivaled in water!)

Unlike the twins, who have returned to me with beaming smiles, Joule and others had frustrated looks on their faces .

“Allen, Elena, don’t rush so much because we would be troubled if something unexpected happened . ”

“”Okay~””

Allen and Elena, who were obsessed with hunting, didn’t stop so easily though, as they kept hunting not only Sand Lobsters, but also other various monsters .




Chapter 267

“”Ah!””

(Allen, Elena, what did you find this time?)

“Over there, over there . ”

“Slumber is there~”

Slumber grass has a sleep effect, it’s a medicinal herb used in drugs to relieve insomnia .

Allen and Elena moved whilst hunting monsters, but they didn’t forget about looking out for herbs . That is so like them, but——

“Hey~ It’s way past noon already, you know~”

If I didn’t interrupt them now, we would go without lunch . I’m fine with that myself, but it wouldn’t be good for the children’s bodies, so I called out to them .

“”Lunch!””

“Yep . We need to take proper meals, so it’s about time we take a break . ”

“”Au~ hungry~””

Being pointed out by me, Allen and Elena seemed to realize that they were actually hungry .

(Oh no! We have to quickly find a place where we can eat!)

(Indeed, I hope there is an island or a rocky area nearby~)

(Shall we go to the surface first?)

(Quickly! Let’s go quickly!)

(Takumi Nii, let’s hurry up to the surface!)

Noticing that the children were hungry, Joule and others got panicky .

“Now, now, don’t panic . I’ve heard that it’s bad for your body to surface from a depth rapidly, so take it slowly . ”

(Eh, is that so?)

“I don’t know whether it’s true or not because I didn’t study it any further, but it wouldn’t hurt to be cautious . ”

Or was it a sickness of someone who had been diving for a long time? Or is it unrelated?

N~ Our bodies are healthy and I can just heal us with magic when it comes to it, but… no, it would still be better to stop them from surfacing rapidly .

“”Puhaa~””

We took some time to reach the surface of the sea .

(Oh, there’s a rocky reef over there!)

(It’s on the smaller size, but big enough for us to rest on . )

“Indeed . Let’s go over there then . ”

Looking around, we found a rocky reef that looked acceptable for us to rest on, so we moved there immediately .

“Now then, what do you guys want for lun——”

“”Ebi~!””

“I know you guys are looking forward to it, but let’s leave that for the evening . ”

“”Ehh~””

“I have cream buns, anpan, curry bread and also various sandwiches in my Infinite Storage that you guys can eat right away… are you against that?”

“”Is not!””

Since I was wearing a mermaid bracelet, I didn’t get dirty or wet, so I immediately started thinking about what I should do for lunch . Unfortunately, cooking now would make our late lunch even later, so I decided to leave the shrimp dishes for dinner and simply have some bread and hot soup from my Infinite Storage for lunch .

“What would you like to eat?”

“”Cream buns!””

(I would also like to eat cream buns~)

(Niisama, do you have any egg sandwiches?)

(I… I would like Aniue’s recommendation . )

(I want curry bread!)

(I’d like a nutty pastry!)

When I handed everyone their desired bread, and a tuna-onion bread to Bolt, Allen and Elena dug in right away . They must have been really hungry .

(Niichan, I want to eat what Bolt is eating . )

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

(Me too~)

(Niisama, could I have one as well?)

Allen, Elena, Joule, and Feat followed after Vector .

“Of course, it’s fine . What about Bolt and Mile?”

(I would like one more but something different, please?)

(I am full!)

Mile said she was full with just one piece of pastry, so I gave the two kids and the three animals some tuna-onion bread, and handed Bolt a cream bun .

By the way, I made white bean paste and sweet potato paste, but forgot to make bread with them . Oh, and I remembered that I was trying to make a paste with Ishiuri as well . I also made cream mixed with chocolate, so a chocolate cream bun sounds good too .

I would also like to make more kinds of side dish bread . What we have now are sandwiches, tuna-onion bread, and bread for curry and sausages? Ah~ but I don’t have to go through the trouble of making side dish breads, I can just make various pizzas and sandwiches and put them in my Infinite Storage . Oh, burgers might be good too!

“Let’s take a short break after we are done eating and slowly return to the beach . ”

“”(((((Okay~)))))””

After the break, we slowly made our way back to the beach, looking for food ingredients on the way . By the time we returned to the beach, the children had already found lots of medicinal herbs and other ingredients .

“Let’s do some Ebi cooking then!”

“”Will help~””

I will try to do some Ebi dishes for dinner as planned .

“We have to dismantle a Sand Lobster first . ”

I’ve been asking the adventurer’s guild to do most of the dismantling for me, so I haven’t gained any proficiency in the Dismantling skill . But since Syl has set my initial proficiency level to expert, I can do dismantling myself without any problems .

“Allen, Elena, rub these pieces for me . ”

“”Okay~””

I cut the dismantled lobster into bite-sizes, sprinkled them with salt and starch, and had the children rub it into them .

“After you give it a good rub, wash it under water and wipe off the moisture . Can you do it?”

“”Can~!””

I think I will cook them as they are for ebi chili, or batter them and deep-fry them for ebi mayo .

Tempura… let’s leave that for another time . I think I would like to have tempura with various vegetables and other seafood .

Oh, ebi katsu would be good too . I would like to make a big batch and put it in bread! I should also use the leftover shells to make bisque .

A shrimp gratin with white sauce and cheese on top sounds good too . Ah, no, I’d rather make a doria with rice underneath .

“”Next is~?””

“Can you mix this for me?”

“”Yeah!””

I cooked more and more while asking the children for help .

“Alright, this is the last one!”

“”Is done~””

(Oh~ you have made so many~)

(All of them look delicious~)

(They are all dishes I have never seen before . )

(So hungry~)

(Amazing!)

Hearing our words, Joule and the others came up to us as if they had been waiting, looking at the dishes on display and voicing out their admiration .

(Ah, right . Niisama, you can do it after the meal, but could you deal with the pile over there?)

“Erm… what is that?”

(It’s not like we could rest while you guys were cooking, right? That’s why we looked for stuff in the meantime . )

In the direction indicated by Feat, there was a small mountain of fish, ingredients and monster materials .

Apparently, everyone had split up and collected them .

(We worked hard~)

(We did our best!)

“Ehhen!” Joule and Vector puffed up their chest with pride .

“”You worked hard~””

Allen and Elena stroked Joule and Vector’s heads .

“That really is a lot~ Thank you, everyone . You must have become hungry after working so hard, right? Well then, let’s eat before the food gets cold . ”

“”(((((Yeah! Let’s dig in!)))))””

Everyone’s momentum was incredible when they started eating .

“Hey now, hey now! Eat a little more slowly . ”

They seemed to like the ebi dishes very much, but eating this fast is not good .

“”Onii~ chan all are yummy!””

(I like this one with mayonnaise the most!)

(The soup is to my liking~)

(Aniue, the White Wheat under this syrupy white sauce is very good!)

(Chomp, chomp . )

(Vector, don’t talk with your mouth full! Takumi Nii, I definitely want you to make this crispy fried thingy again!)

We have plenty of Sand Lobsters, and there are still many dishes I want to make, so I will be surely making another ebi dish before long .




Chapter 268

“We’ve arrived!”

“”Finally~””

The next morning after enjoying the ebi dishes, we went straight to the town of Rubia .

We rode Joule and Feat’s backs until halfway, and when we got to the area where we could see the town from, I asked them to return to my shadow, and from that point we walked, arriving at the town around midday .

“Now then, I guess we should visit the Ruven mansion first?”

“”Yeah!””

“Let’s go see . ”

“Obaasama~”

After we arrived at the town, we went straight to the Ruven mansion without stopping .

“Takumi-san! Allen-chan! Elena-chan!”

As soon as we arrived, Rebecca-san came to welcome us . She had apparently arranged to be informed as soon as we arrived at the town, so she was waiting for us .

… Come to think of it, something similar had happened in Bailey .

“Welcome home! I have been waiting for you!”

“We are home, Rebecca-san . ”

“”Obaasama~ we are home~””

Rebecca-san who greeted with “Welcome home” instead of just “Welcome” not only hugged the twins but I also received a big hug myself . As expected, it was quite embarrassing for me, so I asked her to let go of me quickly and she hugged Allen and Elena again .

“Has there been any change in your condition?”

“”Is fine~! How about Obaasama?””

“I am also doing fine . Did you have fun adventuring?”

“”Yea!””

“So many . ”

“Stories to tell!”

“My, oh my, I’m looking forward to it~”

Rebecca-san is quite young for a grandmother, but their exchange was really like that of grandchildren who came to see their grandmother after a long time .

“Takumi-san, you have no plans for today, right?”

“Of course, we don’t have any . ”

“I’m glad to hear that . Then, I will have tea prepared, so I wonder if you can tell me about your adventure?”

“”Okay! Will tell~””

As she led us through a much larger mansion than the one in the capital, we arrived to the lounge .

“”You see, you see . ””

When we settled down on a comfy sofa, the children immediately started talking to Rebecca-san .

The two took turns talking about meeting the Battle Eagles, swimming in the lake we discovered, their experiences mining in the town of Kelm, about the hot springs, how we flew to the neighboring country on the backs of wyverns, and about their frolicking with gryphons .

“My, my! You have had so many adventures~”

“”Yea!””

Hearing about it again like this, we certainly did many things in short period of time, didn’t we~

“”Also, also!””

“We have!”

“Souvenirs!”

Ah, right . I forgot to give her the souvenirs .

“Oh my, souvenirs? What is it, I wonder?”

“”Fur~!””

“They are pelts for the rugs . Tyrant Bear and Bloody Wolf . The Bloody Wolf pelt has yet to be processed, but please use them in this mansion or the mansion in the capital by all means . ”

I took just the Tyrant Bear rug out of my Infinite Storage for now and showed it to Rebecca-san .

“My, oh my, these are some amazing souvenirs again~ It looks like you have realized what I told you at that time . ”

“Obaasama!”

“You remember!”

“Of course . I remember what we talked about properly . Thank you both . ”

“”Ehehe~””

Seeing that Rebecca-san was happy, Allen and Elena laughed out loud .

“”But you see~””

“Don’t have . ”

“Dragon meat~”

However, Allen and Elena’s expressions suddenly got a little dejected .

Indeed, Rebecca-san spoke about dragon meat when she left the capital…

“We, unfortunately, did not come across any dragons, so we couldn’t procure the meat . ”

“Fufu, that is unfortunate . But it cannot be helped if you didn’t encounter any . I will be always looking forward to it . ”

“”Will do my best!””

Rebecca-san wasn’t serious, but the kids were very serious . Looks like we will go on a serious dragon hunt when we encounter one .

“”Also~ we have yellow butterflies~””

“Yellow butterflies? Eh, are you perhaps talking about Yellow Butterfly flowers? Those that bloom in the sea…?”

“Yes, those very Yellow Butterfly flowers . ”

“My, oh my! I heard that it’s quite difficult to find Yellow Butterfly flowers, but it seems to be an easy task for you guys~”

“Allen and Elena found them and worked hard to collect many . ”

“”Found lots!””

“My, my, but you worked so hard to gather them, so why don’t you sell them and buy lots of stuff you guys want instead?”

Thinking that it wouldn’t be good of her to receive something so rare, Rebecca-san suggested selling the Yellow Butterfly flowers instead .

“”… You don’t want?””

Instantly, Allen and Elena looked sad .

“My, my, don’t misunderstand me, Allen-chan, Elena-chan . It’s not that I don’t want it, I just thought it would be wasteful for me to get them because they are so valuable . ”

“”Is not wasteful!!””

Rebecca-san explained in a hurry, but Allen and Elena were hurt by her words instead .

“Gee~ you guys are so cute! Fufu, thank you . Well then, I will accept your offer, so could I have a flower?”

“A flower?”

“Only one?”

“Yes, that’s right . We can do lots with one flower . ”

“”Is that so?””

I don’t know how Yellow Butterfly flowers are used, but I’m sure they will be either extracted or made into powder and then processed into beauty products, so I guess you can make a good amount from one flower .

“Well, we won’t be selling all the remaining flowers, so please let me know if you need more . ”

“Fufu, thank you, Takumi-san . ”

We have many Yellow Butterfly flowers, after all . I wouldn’t sell everything even by a mistake .

“We also know precisely where the flowers grow, so we can go gather them again if necessary . ”

“”Will get them!””

“My, oh my, how reliable you are~”

I remember where the cluster was . I’m sure they will regrow after some time, so we can just go get more when needed . Even if there are no Yellow Butterfly flowers blooming in that spot, I’m sure we will find more if we look around .

“What else could be considered a souvenir…”

“Fish~”

“Ebi~”

“Ah, right . We have a lot of fresh fish and fruit to give you . ”

“”Sparkly~””

“Sparkly? Erm… you mean the crystals? The ones you picked up in the Kelm mines?”

“Red . ”

“Big one . ”

“Red and big one . And sparkly… ahh, the ruby!”

The kids mean the ruby ore they dug up in Kelm’s mines . I have no use for it myself, and it’s a bit too early for Elena to make use of it .

“Wait a moment, Takumi-san . I am happy to receive fish and fruits, but as expected, I cannot accept crystals and rubies . ”

“I’d like to help you financially, can’t I?”

“My, oh my, you are saying something sweet~ But, I can’t accept it . I mean, you are already supporting me enough . ”

I know that it’s a very expensive item to buy and sell . But we get most of stuff on our own, so we don’t have to worry about money . Well, it’s something that’s slightly tickling the boundaries of common sense, so it can’t be helped~

“That’s too bad . Allen, Elena, let’s use the gems on another occassion . ”

“”Another occasion?””

“Like a birthday or gift for some kind of celebration . ”

“”Got it! Let’s do that!””

Next time, we won’t mention the name of the object . I’ll make sure to pack it well and let the recipient receive it without knowing what it is .




Chapter 269

Velio-san and Almeria-san joined us before dinner and we then ate the meal together .

“”So big~””

“Tummy . ”

“Bouncy-bounce?”

Armelia-san’s belly wasn’t that big when we parted in the capital, but she now gives off the “pregnant woman” vibe .

This is Allen and Elena’s first time looking at a pregnant woman so they stared at her belly in amazement .

“Allen, Elena, it’s not that her belly is full from the meal, okay?”

“”Is not~?””

“Fufu, there’s a baby, a child in there~”

“”Child!””

The two were surprised by Rebecca-san’s words and stared fixedly at Almeria-san’s belly .

“Allen-kun, Elena-chan, come . I will let you pat it?”

Allen and Elena approached Almeria-san and timidly patted her belly .

“”Wow!””

“Fufu, looks like it said hello to us today . ”

The fetus must have moved while the two were patting her belly . Allen and Elena were still staring with their eyes wide open in wonder .

“Velio-san, when is Almeria-san due?”

“We are estimating the next month . ”

“Is that so! That’s something to look forward to . ”

It’s a rare experience for a child to be born by Allen and Elena’s side~

Rather, this will be my first, too . A nephew or niece is going to be born, so I’m a little excited .

“We will have to celebrate the birth, right?”

“”Celebrate!””

When I whispered to Allen and Elena who returned to my side, their eyes started sparkling .

As expected, I won’t be gifting the ruby that Rebecca-san rejected a while ago to the baby, but we have to look for something nice now!

We continued to eat and talk happily, but the children seemed to be still not talking enough, so we decided to move to the lounge . Oh, except the pregnant Armelia-san who returned to her room .

“Right, Takumi-kun . I have a request for the children . ”

There, Velio-san approached me to consult with something .

“A request for the children? Erm, what is it?”

“Takumi-kun, did you hear that Wald has decided to marry?”

“N?”

For a moment, I couldn’t understand what Velio-san was saying .

“Eeeeehh~!? M, marry!? Wald-sama is!?”

I let out a scream unconsciously .

I mean, I never imagined Wald-sama getting married!

“… Looks like you didn’t hear about it . Mother, I asked you to tell him, didn’t I?”

“Fufu, I was absorbed in chatting with Allen-chan and Elena-chan, so I forgot to mention it . I’m sorry . ”

Ah~ It certainly was mostly us doing the talking, so we didn’t even ask Rebecca-san how her family was doing in the meantime just yet~ This was my bad for not bringing the subject up .

“Is it really true that Wald-sama is getting married? Not a joke?”

“It is the truth . I really wouldn’t be joking about this!”

“Oh my~ That’s so unbelievable…”

“Well, you are right about that . My little brother often said that he has no interest in marriage, after all . But, he means it . The wedding is scheduled to take place in winter, will you guys also attend?”

“Eh, isn’t that too fast?”

Winter? Isn’t that only about six months later?

When it comes to marriage among the nobility, they usually get engaged first and marry after a year… that’s what I have been thinking . Marrying in half a year is quite soon, isn’t it?

“Well, yeah . It’s considerably hurried for the nobility . However, it’s not that uncommon, so it’s fine . ”

“I see . I will attend the wedding, of course . ”

“Is that so? Thank you . ”

I have to appreciate Wald-sama’s formal appearances, after all!

“But, it’s a noble wedding, right? Can someone like me attend? Moreover, you said ‘you guys’ so is it fine for Allen and Elena to go, too?”

“Of course, it’s fine . Wald is not the eldest, and the two protagonists aren’t set on following the formalities, so they plan on inviting only the people they are close with . That’s why we would be happy if Allen-kun and Elena-chan attended as well . Rather, this is where my request comes . ”

“Ah, right . Pardon me, I was so shocked about Wald-sama’s marriage that I totally forgot we even talked about something like that . ”

“I was also shocked when I heard about it for the first time, so I understand . And so, I would like the kids to assist with the wedding procession . ”

“Assist with the wedding procession…?”

Speaking of children helping during the wedding ceremony… is it that? Like scattering petals on the aisle where the bride and groom walk?

“Do you know what the role of the petal scatterer is?”

Ah, as I thought . So they have that in this world too~

“Yes, I know… but isn’t that done by relatives’ children?”

“Oh my, Allen-chan and Elena-chan are my grandchildren, and they are Wald’s nephew and niece, no? There’s no problem here!”

When I asked Velio-san, Rebecca-san replied as a matter of course .

However… if we follow the relationship that Rebecca-san decided on, it would make me Allen and Elena’s father, not older brother . Well, that doesn’t really matter, though~

“Allen, Elena, what do you want to do?”

“”Will help!””

Allen and Elena replied instantly . Well, I didn’t think they would refuse .

“Then, I guess we should start collecting lots of white petals from now on . ”

“”Collect~!””

Since the wedding is in winter, there will be fewer flowers in bloom by then . So, we better start gathering plenty of flowers now and store them in the Infinite Storage!

Oh, I also need to prepare a wedding gift! We might as well gift him something that would make him go “Even this!?” while at it!

“We originally planned to rake up the flowers in winter from wherever possible, but… it looks like we should leave the trouble to you guys . ”

“Yes, we will get something so gorgeous others won’t be even able to compare with . ”

Rebecca-san and Velio-san smiled wryly .

“Takumi-san, don’t try too hard . ”

“That’s right, Takumi-kun . We would be happy if you restrained it to something within common sense… or something slightly above . ”

They are apparently already imagining what we would do… I wonder what they are imagining? Should we prepare some amazing flowers to meet their expectations now?

No, but Wald-sama is the leading actor, so it wouldn’t be good if his scolding angry voice echoed around, right~ I would feel sorry for the bride, too .

N~ then, let’s prepare as much as possible, and leave it for the Ruven family to decide what is usable and what is not .

“Understood . Or rather, I don’t know what is acceptable anyway, so I would be happy if you told me when the preparations start . ”

“Takumi-kun, use moderation, please . We don’t have an endless budget . ”

“Nono, what budget are you talking about? I don’t plan to charge you for it . It’s a family celebration, after all . ”

“Eh?”

Velio-san let out a dumbfounded voice .

Hahaha~ If Rebecca-san and others are going to treat us as relatives, then we have to take advantage of it .

“Right, Allen, Elena? We are going to do our best for Wald-sama . ”

“”Yeah, celebration, will work hard!””

“My, oh my . ”

Seeing the kids so fired up, Rebecca-san smiled with a “It cannot be helped, right~” look on her face .




Chapter 270

“Is there anything else we can do to help with the wedding preparations?”

“Thank you, Takumi-san . But I will just accept your feelings . ”

It seems that the wedding preparations are being done in the Capital, so there was nothing special to do here . Thus, we decided to focus all our efforts on collecting flowers and preparing gifts .

Oh, by the way, I also asked about Wald-sama’s marriage partner, but I was only told that she was a Marquis’ daughter from Guardia and that she had silver hair and blue eyes . Apparently, they didn’t want us to judge what kind of person she was based on appearances . Well, it was a pity, but I could understand what Rebecca-san was saying, so I backed off since I was able to get the bare minimum .

The conversation seemed to have run its course, so I decided to get ready for bed . The kids still look like they didn’t talk enough, but we will stay in the town for a while, so convince them that they will be able to talk whenever they want .

“It’s here . ”

Rebecca-san showed us into the room herself .

“So big!”

“”There’s no bed~?””

“Fufu, the bedroom is behind that door . ”

“Eh, the bedroom is separate!?”

“We tried to make sure it doesn’t deviate from your tastes, but what do you think?”

“My, my tastes?”

“Yeah, I mean, this is your room, Takumi-san . You have to be able to relax in your room . ”

“!!”

Although we were guided to this room, I was quite surprised that this wasn’t a guest room, but my room . Or rather, I was feeling apologetic .

Moreover, she also said “I also had Allen-chan and Elena-chan’s room prepared, but it’s not complete yet and I thought they would dislike it, so I will have it ready when they get older . ” So that means this is not a temporary room, but a room that I would be able to use semi-permanently .

“Oh, I will have it fixed if you don’t like it, so just say the word . Of course, if you want something changed or something is missing, you can also tell me immediately . ”

“Nono, I won’t say I dislike it! I just feel apologetic that you had to prepare a room for me…”

“I’m not telling you to stay here forever . Just remember that there’s a place for you here and you can come back once in a while . You just arrived today and must be tired, right? Take a good rest . ”

“”Good night~””

The depths of Rebecca-san’s pockets were on display once again . Or rather, I almost cried .

Moreover, she swiftly left after saying that .

◇ ◇ ◇

“N?”

I was relaxing on the king bed, ready for bed, when I heard a steady tapping on the window .

“”Onii~ chan, what is it?””

“N~ there’s a bird . ”

“”Bird~?””

As I slowly approached the window, I saw a small red bird pecking at the window, so I opened it . Then, the red bird stopped at the window frame without hesitation .

“Cuckoo . ”

“Erm…?”

The bird seemed affectionate to humans .

“Ah, is it perhaps Lyra?”

“Cuckoo . ”

The red bird chirped in affirmation . It appeared to be Oswald-san’s familiar Lyra .

I was told about Lyra, so looking at the red bird’s characteristics, it immediately came to my mind . However, I thought that Edenbirds were larger than this… ah, it has the same Shrinking skill that Joule, Feat, and Vector have, so it made its body smaller with that!

“Indeed . Coming to the town in the big form would only frighten the townspeople, and it might be even mistaken as a monster attacking the town . ”

I have also sent Joule to the town as a messenger before, but I told him to get smaller that time .

“Have you come on a shopping errand?”

Oswald-san and Marshelly-san said they had a shortage of goods other than ingredients, so they immediately sent Lyra to purchase some things .

“Cuckoo . ”

“Eh? Ehhh!?”

“”Wow~””

Lyra chirped in affirmation, and various things appeared all over the table and floor . Among them were baskets full of fruits and vegetables .

“Oh, it’s a magic ring!”

Magic ring is a magic tool with the same function as the magic bag . However, it’s a magic tool that is much rarer than a magic bag, but Lyra was carrying it .

“First of all… this, I guess?”

I picked up the letter that was on the table .

“Erm…”

The letter was quick and apologetic, but it asked us to buy something .

We spoke about going to Rubia, so they must have sent Lyra to meet us here .

The letter also asked us to give the fruits and vegetables to the people in the mansion where we would be staying . I told Oswald-san that we were going to see someone we knew, so he was being quite considerate .

“Let’s see, the things they want Lyra to bring back are… pots and tableware, cloth and paper . ”

When I looked at the list of things they wanted to buy, I found that there were very few food items, but many consumable items that were needed for daily life . I guess they really were lacking in many things .

“They also want some novels, huh . ”

Since these were entertainment items, it would have been too much of a hassle for the person in charge of the shopping to purchase for them . I don’t know the lineup of books that Oswald-san already has, but it should be okay if we choose relatively new books, right?

As for the price, it might be a hassle since he was giving us monster materials, but he wants us to sell them to pay for it . In addition, it was written that the extra money was a labor charge and should not be returned .

“… It’s obviously way too many materials . ”

There were furs and fangs, and obviously too much of them .

“”This is amaz~””

Moreover, there was a red feather the size of the children’s bodies among the materials .

“Is this perhaps Lyra’s feather?”

“Cuckoo . ”

When I asked Lyra, she gave an immediate reply . It sounded to be affirmative .

If an A-rank Edenbird feather is included, it’s pretty hard to say that the change was not worth the trouble . And since it says “non-returnable,” they seem to have anticipated that I would think that way .

“I don’t have these things at hand, so we will have to go buy them tomorrow . I will buy various and I mean lots of various stuff for you to bring home . ”

“”Going shopping~””

Since I cannot return the change, why don’t we buy everything that seems usable for Lyra to bring home!

“Lyra, we will go shopping tomorrow, but what are you going to do until then? If you stay in that form, you can go shopping with us too . ”

“Cuckoo?”

As you can imagine, I don’t have everything ready right now, so I had to ask Lyra to wait until I have everything ready . And when I asked her what she wanted to do in the meantime, she just tilted her head and froze .

“”Lyra~?””

Seeing Lyra’s reaction, even Allen and Elena tilted their heads .

“Err… What did you do with the previous person? Were you waiting outside the town?”

“… Cuckoo . ”

“Eh, you were going to come back the next day to pick up the stuff then?”

“… Cuckoo . ”

“I see . ”

Lyra made a small noise and nodded slightly .

So it’s the first time she’s been asked to go shopping, and she’s frozen in place, unsure of what to do?

“Well, why don’t you come with us then? Then let’s go together, and if there’s something you like, we can try to buy it too . ”

“Let’s go~”

“Shopping together~”

Allen and Elena seemed to be in favor . There was no response from Lyra, but she didn’t seem to disagree .

I put away the things she brought us in the Infinite Storage, then took out a basket and cloth to make a bed for her, and gently lifted the stunned Lyra and put her in it .

“Let’s sleep then . ”

“”Okay, good night~””

“Yes, good night . ”

I decided to turn off the light in the room and go to bed, not wanting to hear any more objections .




Chapter 271

The next morning, we had breakfast and decided to go out for a shopping trip immediately after .

“”What first~?””

“Let’s go to the Adventurer’s Guild first . ”

“”Guild~””

“Cuckoo . ”

At the Adventurer’s Guild, I plan to get money by selling the materials I received from Oswald-san . Although I have enough money even without doing that, I’m thinking of not mixing that money with my own money .

“Good morning . How may I help you?”

“”Good morning . ””

When we arrived at the guild’s reception desk, the receptionist lady greeted us with a smile . Then, Allen and Elena also returned the greetings with a smile of their own . Their shyness has completely softened~

“We’d like to sell off materials . Oh, there’s a good amount . ”

I stated our business while handing over my guild card .

“Understood . In that case, please place the items at the space over there . ”

“Okay, got it . ”

I put the materials to be sold on the counter-like large table indicated by the receptionist . By the way, I’m going to keep Lyra’s——Edenbird’s feather instead of selling it .

“This is all . ”

“Wonderful . Please give me a minute to assess the value . ”

“Oh, I’d also like you to dismantle this for me separately…”

“Then, I will take care of it for you as well . ——!!”

The receptionist gulped as I placed the carcass of the Bloody Wolf, that is the souvenir for the Ruven family, on the counter to have it dismantled .

“Bl, Bloody Wolf!? Where did you!?”

“Ah, we haven’t come across it around here, so no need to worry . ”

“Ho, however… it’s still warm, you know!?”

The carcass was as fresh as when we caught it since it was stored in my Infinite Storage . Well, it would become a serious matter if Bloody Wolves appeared regularly around this town, so it cannot be helped that the receptionist was panicky .

“We defeated it in the Gaya Forest, so please calm down . ”

“… Gaya Forest . Ah, magic bag… you are in a possession of something good then . I’m really sorry . ”

She didn’t question the fact that I had a lot of stuff because I was pretending to be taking it out of a magic bag, but because magic bags that slow down the passage of time are rare, she did not think of that right away .

“You want this dismantled… so that means you are not selling it, correct?”

“I want to make a rug out of the fur, so selling it would be a little…”

“T, then, at least the meat!”

Regaining her calm, the receptionist negotiated to get at least some of the Bloody Wolf material .

“Can’t have . ”

“Meat~”

Allen and Elena were against selling the meat .

That reminds me, did we ever eat… Bloody Wolf meat?

“Err, I’m sorry, it doesn’t look like I can sell it . ”

“… How unfortunate . ”

The children’s opinion comes first, so I decided to reject selling it .

I could have taken out the other Bloody Wolf carcass I have, but I somehow managed to stop myself .

“The total price came out at this amount . Please come again . ”

After receiving the money, I decided to come for the dismantled Bloody Wolf later, so we went shopping at last .

“”Next is~?””

“N~ let’s systematically visit the necessary shops, I guess?”

“”Systematically?””

“It means to visit every shop in order . ”

“”Got it! Then~””

“First place is . ”

“There~”

The place Allen and Elena pointed at was a bakery .

“”Bakery~””

“They didn’t ask for ingredients, but I did forgot to tell them about sweet buns and stuff like that . ”

Sweet buns——jam buns, cream bread, anpan . In addition, Oswald-san could enjoy berry filled pastry, too . Oh, but they probably don’t sell cream bread and anpan here, so let’s buy only jam buns and berry pastry .

Ah, I surely can’t take Lyra inside the bakery, so I had her wait at the roof for a little .

“… Huh? They have cream bread here?”

When we went inside, I saw that they were selling cream bread .

“Lad, you are lucky! Cream bread usually gets sold out right away, but there are still some left today!”

“Eh, I will take the rest then . ”

I reflexively buy up all the cream buns left . There are only three, so I wouldn’t have a chance to buy them anywhere else if I didn’t take them .

“I would also like three of these and these, and also these . ”

There were also bean jam buns and maro buns on the shelves, so I bought all the kinds that Oswald-san would be okay with, in numbers .

The magic ring that Lyra is wearing does not have the effect of slowing down the passage of time, and I don’t know if Oswald-san has that kind of magic bag, so I tried not to buy too much .

“… I have to thank Rebecca-san when we return . ”

I’m sure Rebecca-san is supporting this bakery . In addition, the bakery is located right next to the Adventurer’s Guild, which makes it easy for us to stop by . I’ll have to thank her when we get back~

“Onii~ chan . ””

“N? What’s up?”

“Allen wants to eat too . ”

“Elena also wants to eat . ”

“Eh, a bread? It has not been that long since you’ve had breakfast, no?”

“”We will do halfsies, so~””

I’m weak to children pleading to me~ Moreover, to make it even harder for me to say no, they said they will split it in half beforehand!

“N~~~ Sure, if you split with Lyra, too . ”

“”Ya~y . ””

“So, what bread do you want?”

“”Maro bread!””

… Their reply was too quick . It seems that they were really eager to eat as they had already decided on the type of bread . They probably had no doubts that I would allow it . As their elder brother, I occasionally have to tell them no clearly, but Allen and Elena never do something that needs me to scold them strictly .

It’s… difficult to know whether I should feel proud that my younger siblings are good kids or lament that I have nowhere to show my dignity as an older brother . Well, if anything, it’s better to be proud .

“”Lyra, thank you for waiting~””

“Cuckoo . ”

When we stepped out of the bakery, Allen and Elena immediately called Lyra .

Then, Lyra flew over right away and settled on my shoulder .

“Lyra, can you put this into your magic ring?”

“Cuckoo . ”

Because there were no people in sight, I had Lyra store the bread which we just bought into her magic ring . Of course, except one of the maro breads .

“… Nn~?”

When I handed the bread to Allen, he, with a serious look on his face, split off a third of the maro bread off .

“Here, Elena . ”

“Yay~ halfsies, halfsies~♪”

Elena, who received two-thirds of the bread from Allen, effortlessly split it in half .

“Here, Lyra’s portion!”

“… Cuckoo?”

When Elena presented the maro bread to Lyra, Lyra tilted her head in puzzlement . She probably doesn’t understand the meaning of the bread being offered to her . So I took the bread instead, split it into bite-sized pieces and carried it to her beak .

“It’s a bread made from maro fruit . Why don’t you try it, Lyra?”

Lyra alternated between me and the bread near her beak and timidly took the bread into her mouth .

“Cuckoo!”

“”Delish?””

“Koo~!”

Lyra was clearly in a good mood indicated by the lively chirp after eating the bread .

She seemed to like it, so I tore off more of the bread and brought it to her beak again . Then she ended up eating her third of the bread in no time at all .




Chapter 272

We didn’t spend too much time eating to sit down, but we walked while eating and peeking into the shops for a while .

I bought a wide range of pots, small pans, and frying pans of various sizes .

I also bought a variety of barrels, baskets, jars, and pots . I returned the baskets that were used to store vegetables and other items after I switched the containers, but I thought it would not be a problem to have more . The magic ring seems to have a large capacity, so I don’t think they will have trouble finding a place to store them .

Next, I went to a store that sells tea leaves and bought three kinds of tea leaves in moderate quantities, based on what was selling well . Buying too many tea leaves would cause them to spoil .

At the cloth shop, I bought white and black cloths that I had been told to buy, as well as dark green cloth that I thought would look good on Oswald-san and brown, gray, and dark blue cloths that I thought would be useful .

“Well, we bought lots of paper and ink, so let’s go to the bookstore next . ”

“”Bookstore~ Over there!””

The twins immediately reacted to my mutter and located the bookstore .

“Welcome . ”

“Hello . ”

“”Hello~””

We were greeted by a young man who seemed to be an employee of the store when we entered, and when I looked around, the assortment seemed to be quite good .

“I’m looking for something rather new and story-based to read, do you have any recommendations?”

“N~ let’s see, this and this one are selling well . Also, this is the new work of a popular author, but it’s related to their previous books, so I recommend reading the previous works first . Oh, but it’s written in a style that can be read by itself, so there won’t be a problem reading just this piece . ”

It’s related to the previous books, huh… so it’s a series? N~ the previous books have been selling for quite a while . I don’t know whether Oswald-san read them before or not . But let’s buy just the new work since it can be apparently read by itself .

“Do you have two copies of each?”

“N? Ah, yes, all of them are popular so we are stocked up . ”

“Then, I will take two copies of the newest book and a copy of the previous books . Ah, could you please bill them separately?”

I will secure our copies of the recommended books since we are here .

“I’d like more books, do you have any other recommendations?”

“Let’s see~… By the way, is there a specific reason you are looking for new books?”

“I was asked by an acquaintance to buy books for him, but I don’t know which books he already read . He apparently haven’t had the opportunity to buy any books for a while, so I thought that newer books would be a safer option . ”

“I see, if that’s the case, would books that came out a few months ago instead of books that came out just recently be also fine?”

“Yes, I think books that are a few months old would be fine, too . ”

“Then…”

The young man picked out books one after another . I’ve never read any of these books before, so I’m also going to keep the ones that have more than one copy and the ones that only have one copy for Oswald-san .

“How about this much?”

“I think this should be enough . I will pay for these ones first then . ”

First, I will finish paying for Oswald-san’s share of books .

“Allen, Elena, did you find something nice?”

“”Yea! Want this!””

While the young man was looking for books, I asked Allen and Elena to browse the shelves of the children’s books, and they seemed to find some good ones .

“Roger that . Place them over there then . ”

“”Okay~””

“That’s really generous of you . Not many people buy so many books at once . ”

The young man looked slightly dumbfounded rather than impressed .

He said that even though the books were not that expensive, there were no customers who would buy such a large quantity .

“Well, would you like to pay the bill now?”

“Wait a moment please . Do you have anything about medicinal plants or monsters? Something very detailed, if possible . ”

“You are buying more!? That makes me happy, but is that really fine?”

“If it’s about money, then there’s no problem . ”

“Is that so? Fine then… err, medicinal plants and monsters? Wait a moment please . ”

The man went to the back of the store to look for the books, and I went to the entrance of the store with the bill for Oswald-san, which had already been paid for .

“Lyra?”

“Cuckoo . ”

“Sorry, but please store these . ”

“Cuckoo . ”

I called Lyra, who was waiting outside the store, and asked her to put the books away, making use of the blind spot of the half-open door .

“Thank you . But I’m sorry, could you wait for a little longer?”

“Cuckoo . ”

When I told her it would take a little longer, she didn’t seem to mind and flew to the roof .

Lyra didn’t complain, but I get the feeling that she’s just tagging around to deliver the package . If this is the case, would it have been better for Lyra if we had made the purchase alone and handed it over at once?

No, we can still make up for it! Now that we’ve done most of the shopping, let’s do Lyra’s shopping .

“Thank you for waiting . How about these?”

The young man brought back several books .

“We have this~”

“We don’t have this~”

“We don’t have this either~”

“We have this one~”

When the young man lined up the books on the counter, Allen and Elena looked at the covers and separated the books we had from the ones we didn’t .

“Erm… are you really letting them do it? Are they dividing them correctly?”

“They know, they wouldn’t make a mistake . ”

“Really? These little children?”

“They are my children’s favorite kind of books, after all . ”

“……”

The young man exclaimed in surprise . Well, it’s unusual for someone as old as Allen and Elena to love reading plant encyclopedias~

“”Did it~!””

“Thank you . ”

There were five books in total that we didn’t have . I decided to buy all of them, and left the store after paying for them along with the fiction books I had secured first .




Chapter 273

“”Ah!””

“Oh, it’s the Fiji Company . ”

As soon as we left the bookstore, Allen and Elena found the store of the Fiji Company, which they had become very familiar with .

“Let’s stop by since we came across it . ”

“”Yeah . ””

I didn’t give Oswald-san that much of miso, shoyu, and Easy Salt Series . I was not asked of this, but I thought I might as well get him some more, so we entered the store .

“T, the Honored customer is!! I, I will call the branch manager over, so please wait just for a moment!!”

When we entered the store, I was surprised by the shop assistant who greeted us and went to call the manager without giving me time to say a word .

“Thank you very much for coming . You must be Takumi Kayano-sama, right?”

“Huh? Eh? How!?”

After a while, a middle-aged woman approached me . The shop assistant said he would call the branch manager, so this must be her, but she seemed to know about me for some reason .

“We were told about you by the Chairman, Kayano-sama . Ah, my name is Hannah, and I’m the manager of the Rubia branch . ”

The chairman would be Stefan-san, right? And, well… did he spoke of our characteristics, like we are a dark-haired man with blue-haired little twins in tow… or something? I believe that’s the only way to recognize us at first glance .

Also, since Stefan-san knows that we are coming to this city, did he contact this branch beforehand? I hope he didn’t notify all the branches or something like that… right?

“Ah~ please call me Takumi . I’m more used to being called that . ”

“Understood . I will call you Takumi-sama then . ”

“Erm, is the -sama necessary?”

“Of course, you are a customer and a very important person for our company, so please allow this much . ”

I asked her to call me by my first name, since I was rarely called by my surname these days, but that didn’t stop her from using -sama .

“What can I do for you today, Takumi-sama? Do you perhaps have an idea for a new product?”

I wondered what Stefan-san had really told her . No, I think he told her about the curry powder and Easy Salt Series… I’m sure he said many other things, too .

Rather, I can’t pull out new ideas from my pockets so easily, so please don’t look at me like that, shop manager——Hannah-san .

Well, on the contrary, it would be easier to talk when I really got an idea .

“N, no . We just came to buy something today . ”

“Is that so? That’s too bad . ”

Hanna-san looked disappointed at my words .

“Ah, but…”

“What might it be!”

When I remembered something, Hannah-san’s eyes instantly lit up . She bit on the bait unbelievably fast . It was a little scary .

“… Uh, I’d like to dry and powder a certain kind of seaweed, and make it into a so-called Aonori . Also, could you add that to the Easy Salt Series?”

“So it’s Easy Salt made from seaweed! I see! Please leave it to me!”

She readily agreed, so when I took out a sample of Aonori from my Infinite Storage and showed it to her, she said it was a common seaweed and that there would be no problems securing the ingredients .

If this works out, I won’t have to make the Aonori salt myself . I’ll also ask her to make kombu salt, which is a mixture of powdered kelp . Oh, would a sesame salt be possible as well?

“Thank you very much for the good idea . We will start experimenting immediately, and we will contact the Lord’s residence when it’s finished . ”

“Ah, yes . Please . ”

I haven’t told her where we are staying, but she seems to have already figured that out .

“Oh, yes . So I’ve got an acquaintance and I would like to get miso, shoyu, and Easy Salt Series for them . ”

“Yes, I will have it prepared right away!”

“T, thank you . ”

I told her what I wanted to buy, and she personally brought the items to me . And they were in huge quantities . It was indeed a lot, so I decided to give a part to Oswald-san, and keep the rest of the Easy Salt Series for my own stock . Since it seems to be a good bargaining chip for adventurers who don’t know about it .

“I have one more request…”

“Yes, what is it?”

“Can I let a bird enter the store? Ah, it’s an obedient child, so she won’t cause any problems…”

“A bird? Let’s see… there are currently no other customers around, so it should be fine for a short time . ”

“Thank you very much . ”

Lastly, I asked Hannah-san to let Lyra do some shopping, and she gladly gave me permission .

“”Will call her~””

“Okay . ”

Allen and Elena went out of the store and brought Lyra back with them .

“”Brought her~””

“Thank you . ——Lyra, why don’t you look around? I will buy anything you want . ”

“Cuckoo?”

Lyra looked around the store curiously after hearing my words .

“Allen, Elena, why don’t you show Lyra around?”

“”Okay! Leave it to us!””

Allen and Elena enthusiastically explained the items to Lyra . They seemed to be explaining the ingredients, but they were saying things like, “It’s delicious when you boil it with XX” or “It’s good to eat it with shoyu” . Lyra was still listening earnestly to the children’s words .

“Cuckoo . ”

“”This~?””

Lyra, who was listening to the children’s explanation, was interested in something that looked like fruit . The kids couldn’t explain what it was, though .

Edenbird is a bird, but it is also a monster, so I thought it must have been a carnivore, but she apparently also likes nuts and fruits .

“Onii~ chan . ”

“What’s this~?”

“This is my first time seeing this too~ Erm…”

“Takumi-sama’s companions also have discerning eyes! That’s a nut of the sea called Sheira nut and it just came in the other day!”

Before I could confirm it with my appraisal, Hannah-san gave the answer . It wasn’t a fruit, but a nut .

A sea nut at that .

It was bright blue in color, with a spiny surface like that of a durian .

“You are saying that these nuts grow in the sea?”

“Yes, that’s correct! They are extremely rare so they rarely appear in our store!”

“”Ohh~ sea nuts!”

Lyra found something unusual it seems .

“How many of these Sheira nuts do you have?”

“Just five . ”

“I will take them all then . ”

They were quite expensive since they were so rare, but since Lyra was interested in them, I decided to buy them all .

“Onii~ chan, Allen wants too!”

“Onii~ chan, Elena wants too!”

“N?”

“”Wanna try~!””

“… Well, that’s…”

I have never eaten it before, so I agree that I would like to try it too . However——

“This is what I bought for Lyra, you see~”

“”Au~””

“Cuckoo . ”

Lyra chirped in a gentle voice as she looked at the dejected children .

“N? What is it, Lyra?”

“Cuckoo . ”

“Oh, you are going to share the sea nuts with us?”

“Coo~!”

“”Yay! Lyra, thank you!””

Someway or another, that’s what Lyra said… rather, it seems that I was correct with my hunch . Lyra is so kind~

“Thank you, Lyra . Then, we will take you up on your offer and take one nut . ”

“Cuckoo . ”

“Is there anything else that interests you?”

“Coo~”

Lyra didn’t seem to have anything else on her mind, so we decided to leave the store . At that point, Hannah-san asked me what I was planning to do the day after tomorrow . It seemed like she was going to make a prototype and bring it to me tomorrow . I told her I didn’t have any plans, and I would be staying at the Ruven house .

“Now then, what do we do next?”

“Cuckoo . ”

“N? What is it, Lyra?”

As we left the store and I was thinking about what to do, Lyra suddenly chirped .

“”Are you leaving?””

“Cuckoo . ”

“”… I see~ Too bad . ””

“Eh, you are already leaving? You understood her, Allen, Elena? Or rather, aren’t you tired, Lyra?”

I tried to encourage her to stay another night, but she seemed to want to go back to Oswald-san’s place as soon as possible .

“Then, we will see you again, Lyra!”

“”Bye-bye~!””

“Cuckoo . ”

Lyra flew into the sky and out of the town without hesitation .




Chapter 274

After sending Lyra off, we went to the Adventurer’s Guild to pick up the materials from the Bloody Wolf that I had asked them to dismantle . Then we went to a fur store and I asked them to make a rug for me .

“Can we stop by the temple before we return?”

“”Sure~””

I guess it’s a custom now when we arrive in a new city? I decided to visit a temple to see Syl .

(Syl~ you here~?)

(Yes, yes! Here! I’m here!)

When I entered the temple and called out to Syl in front of the statue, Syl’s voice came back to me vigorously . .

For some reason, the image of Syl raising his hand came to my mind .

(… Hey, Syl, could you please raise your right hand for a little?)

(Eh? My right hand? It’s already up, though?)

(… I see . )

For some reason, I asked him to raise his right hand, but it was apparently already in the air .

… I didn’t think he was really doing it .

(Takumi-san, what do I do… after raising my right hand?)

(… Now stick your hand in front of you . )

(Okay . )

(……)

Syl seemed to be acting according to what I said . They were really meaningless instructions, but I felt a bit guilty anyway .

I called for the screen to come out, displayed the magic circle and took out vanilla ice cream from the Infinite Storage, and sent it .

(Wow~ isn’t this ice cream! For real!?)

I recalled that he liked milk ice cream, so I sent it to dispel the feelings of guilt I had .

(… Ah, yes, of course . )

(Is this milk ice cream?)

(Erm… it’s an improved version of the milk ice cream called vanilla ice cream . )

(Vanilla ice cream!)

However, Syl was more delighted than I thought he would, so I quite couldn’t dispel them .

(That makes me so happy . Thank you so much . )

(… It’s nothing . )

(Ah, yes . The crepes and the mochi were all delicious . )

(I see . I’m glad you liked it . )

(Truly! I’m glad you realized my intentions, Takumi-san!)

N? Syl’s intentions?… Uh, he means that? Making what they wanted to eat out of the ingredients that were sent to me .

(You sent me so much Red Wheat, so I thought you wanted to eat it, so I sent the things back… was I right?)

(Yes!)

Syl responded refreshingly . As I thought, it was an indirect request .

Kaoka beans when he wants to eat chocolate, Red Wheat when he wants to eat mochi… it’s good that his intentions are easy to understand, but what is he planning to send me when he feels like eating crepes? Eggs? Milk? Wheat flour? I won’t understand even if he sends me everything!

(I’m glad you are sending me ingredients because some of them I don’t have much at hand, but you could have sent me a letter saying, “I want to eat mochi . ” instead . )

Even if not a letter, a single word on a small card would be more than enough .

(I can’t really request that from you in such a straightforward way…)

… Nono, I already feel that you are making a request from me by sending the ingredients, you know?

Well, I’m indebted to Syl, so I really don’t mind, though .

(Then, I will accept your request once a month . )

(R, really!?)

(Really . Although I say that, sending it over immediately after receiving the request wouldn’t be possible . I will send it to you as soon as I have time to make it . )

(That’s not a problem at all! Wow! Wow! Now I can escape the “Still not yet?” gazes everyone looks at me with!!)

It was a light suggestion on my part, but Syl seemed to be overjoyed .

(I, I didn’t think you would be this overjoyed . )

(I mean, everyone is so heartless! We can’t really ask you directly for things, but everyone keeps telling me “I want to eat this, I want to eat that . ” and I can’t really take it!)

Oh, Syl is exposing his real feelings .

(Wah!)

Ah, did he notice?

(Ta, Takumi-san! Please pretend you didn’t hear anything I said just now~~~)

(Hahaha~)

He said in a tearful voice . Syl really is busy in various ways~ But, when I felt that Syl has not changed since the time I met him, it made me feel relieved~

(Uu~~~ you are terrible for laughing . I really beg you~)

(Alright, alright . )

I think it’s better for me to let the circumstances of the gods go, so I’ll just acknowledge him for now .

(Still, how bad this “I want to eat this, I want to eat that . ” situation really becomes?)

(Geez! Even though I asked you not to speak about this anymore!)

(Well, I’m a bit curious . It’s fine! I won’t disclose anything . And so, how is it?)

(My goodness! When you make something new, they always want to eat it right away!)

(Huh?)

Nonono! Wait a moment!

I heard that Syl and others occasionally observe us, but each time I make something new… are they that good at catching the right timing?

(Hey, how much do you guys actually observe us?)

(N? Erm, we get the gist of things . )

(Eh? Gist? You are watching us… all the time?)

(Ehh!? That’s absolutely impossible . I also have work to do, you know?)

I’m glad . I thought what would I do if they watched us all the time .

But, even so, how do they grasp the gist of what we do then?

(Erm… it’s that, you know! We watch the recording on fast forward!)

(……)

… That’s no different from watching us all day all night!

Moreover, he read my mind so naturally again!

(Ah! Ta, Takumi-san, that’s! Even though I say we watch, we only check the important parts, we definitely don’t watch everything thoroughly! I won’t peek at your private life!)

(……)

He put a big emphasis on “I” so there’s a possibility that other gods are going to peek? Yep, it’s like that . I did not have the intentions to see, but I meant no harm~

(Hey, Takumi-san!? Are you listening? Heyyy, Takumi-san!?)

(Ah, yes, I hear you . I hear you, but I was just thinking that this make you guys seem like stalkers~ or something . )

(S, stalkers!?)

(Yeah, I wonder where I should sue you in this case . )

(Sue!? W, who!? M, me!?)

Syl seemed to be panicking from my words .

(… I was joking . )

(Joking!)

Rather than joking, there’s no way I could win a lawsuit against the supreme authority of this world!

I guess to the gods, we humans are originally objects of observation . So, I guess our observation is a part of that, just with a little more weight behind it . I’m sure .

(Well, anyhow . You seem to be still very much yourself, and it doesn’t seem like you changed at all . Well then, I will stop by again when I have time . )

(Eh, wait, Takumi-sa——)

I finished the conversation a little forcibly and headed to where the children were waiting for me .

“Thank you for waiting! Shall we return?”

“”Yeah!””

“You have to tell Rebecca-san what you were doing today when we return!”

“”Ohh~””

“Will!”

“Tell!”

After finishing what we had to do, we decided to return to the Ruven residence .

By the way, we tried the Sheira nuts for dessert at dinner that night .

When we carefully cracked open the skin or shell-like substance, we found that the inside was filled with light blue glass ball-like berries that looked like… gummies .

The children ate them with relish, and Rebecca-san and the others were delighted too, while I was feeling weirded out that something like gummy could come out of nature .




Chapter 275

“Ah, right . We have to make a new bread!”

“”New bread?””

Allen and Elena looked up at me curiously when I mentioned what I suddenly remembered .

“Yeah . A cream bread mixed with chocolate or a side dish bread… erm, I would like to increase the variety of breads to eat in place of rice . ”

“”Wanna eat!””

“You can’t eat it unless we make it first . ”

“”Will make!””

I would also like to make white bean paste, sweet potato paste bread, and also Ishiuri (pumpkin) bread with red bean paste~

“Oh my, you are talking about something interesting?”

“Ah, Rebecca-san . ”

We were relaxing in the lounge of the Ruven house when Rebecca-san arrived .

“Then, shall we go to the bakery in the afternoon?”

Rebecca-san’s actions were so quick that a messenger was immediately sent to by her .

After finishing lunch, we came to a bakery, not the one near the Adventurer’s Guild, where we had been before, but near the Ruven residence . Apparently, Rebecca-san was backing up several stores .

“Shopkeeper, excuse us for coming over so suddenly . ”

“No, you needn’t worry about that! Uh, Madam? Who might these people be?”

“They are ones I consider my child and grandchildren . By the way, he is the one who invented the recipe for the bread I provided you, Takumi-san is his name . ”

“My goodness!”

Hearing Rebecca-san’s words, the shopkeeper, a middle-aged man, widened his eyes and turned to look at me .

“Takumi-san, he’s this store’s owner . ”

“My name is Horus! It’s an honor to meet you!”

“H, hello, I’m Takumi . These children are——”

“I’m Allen . ”

“I’m Elena . ”

“My younger siblings . I wanted to make a new bread today… please pardon the sudden visit . ”

“It’s an honor to be involved in the making of a new bread!”

When he heard about the new bread, the bakery shopkeeper’s——Horus-san’s eyes lit up .

I’ve already gotten used to this kind of reaction from chefs when they see a new dish or artisans when they see a rare ingredient in front of them .

“First of all, about the bread the dough——”

“I have plenty of it prepared!”

“Ah, is that so? Thank you very much . ”

Rebecca-san didn’t seem to have told him that we were coming, but she did tell him to prepare the dough .

I mean, Horus-san, was so full of motivation~

“Then, let’s start from the cream?”

“”Oh~!””

“I will assist you!”

I’ve already made the white bean paste and sweet potato paste, so let’s make the custard cream with chocolate and Ishiuri .

Horus-san and the kids were fully motivated, so they helped me to make it quickly .

“So this is cream mixed with chocolate, I see . It looks delicious~”

“”Looks delicious~””

Rebecca-san had been only observing, but after I cooled the chocolate cream with magic, she came up to me with the children .

“Would you like to taste it?”

“Fufu, I would love to . ”

“”Will taste it~””

“Please!”

I thought she was looking forward to tasting it, so when I asked her, Rebecca-san smiled at me . Of course, Allen, Elena and Horus-san also joined the fray .

“”Delish~””

“Takumi-san, this is very delicious~”

“This is incredible!”

The four of them quickly scooped up the cream with their spoons and smiled as they ate it .

“Chocolate is, if I’m not mistaken… made from Kaoka beans, right?”

“Yes, that’s correct . But, Kaoka beans don’t seem to be sold that much at the market . ”

“There are not many people who know it can be transformed to something this good, after all . ”

… Transformed, she said . Rebecca-san, the way you said it, is so…!

“I did ask the Fiji Company to let me know when they secured more, but… there has been no word from then since . ”

I made the request, but they had not contacted me about it yet .

“It won’t become easily available unless the demand increases, right?”

“Indeed . Moreover, they apparently collected it in a dungeon . ”

Adventurers don’t bring things back from the dungeons that they can’t sell, so if we keep quiet about it, it might not become available for a long time . Oh, that reminds me, I didn’t even ask which dungeon in Creta it was found in!

I forgot to look for the Kaoka beans even though we went to Creta!

“Oh my, it’s from a dungeon? We should create a request sooner rather than later then . ”

“”Request~?””

“Request, you mean at the Adventurer’s Guild?”

“That’s right . Depending on the rank of the dungeon, it may be cheaper to send a request to the Adventurer’s Guild and have them secure the harvest for us . ”

“””Heeh~”””

The request fees for dungeon goods from lower-level dungeons aren’t apparently that high .

I’m not sure why Allen and Elena have the same reaction as me, but I doubt they understand .

“Rebecca-san, if you want Kaoka beans I can let you have what I have on me, you know?”

“Oh my, you won’t be able to get any sales then . We have to secure a stable route for the flow of ingredients . Or, you know what? Do you not want this cream to ever lift off the ground?”

“Nono, nothing like that… there’s no need for that . If the ingredients can be secured then I have no problem with selling it . Rather, being able to buy this anytime I want would make me happier . ”

“Fufu, then you won’t mind if I take care of it?”

“Not at all, please do your best . ”

I don’t mind making things myself, but it’s always better to be able to buy them when you want them .

It looks like Rebecca-san will be taking care of all the details, so I won’t have to do anything . I guess I’ll have to agree then!

“But before that, let’s make the bread . ”

“That’s true . I’d like to eat the finished product as soon as possible . ”

“”Wanna eat~””

“Me too!”

Putting aside the topic of selling for the moment, I wrapped the cream and bean paste in the dough to complete the bread .

“”It’s done~””

“All that’s left is the final fermentation and baking . ”

“Indeed . However… have I prepared too much dough, perhaps?”

When I finished wrapping the cream and bean paste in the dough, there was a lot of dough still left .

“Nono, there are many other things I would love to make, so it’s okay!”

“Is that so?”

I wonder what I should make~ Oh, I can easily make cheese bread by mixing cubes of hard cheese . Fortunately, I have cheese!

“Oh my, is that cheese?”

“Yes, it is . We cut it into small pieces…”

Then I flattened the bread dough into an oval shape and sprinkled the cut cheese on it . Then I rolled it up .

“Like this . Allen, Elena, help me out please . ”

“”Okay~””

I showed them how to do it, and asked Allen and Elena to help me with the rest .

“Oh, we might as well roll it with cut bacon pieces . ”

“”Let’s do that~””

“Would black pepper be good as well?”

“”That too~””

In addition to the cheese bread, I decided to make cheese and bacon, and also cheese and walnut bread .

I wanted to make cheese and corn too, but unfortunately, I didn’t have any fresh corn, so I gave up .

“Alright, all that’s left is to bake them . ”

“”Looking forward to it~””

The baked loaves of bread all turned out well and were very well received .

Therefore, we decided to start to sell all the loaves of bread .




Chapter 276 

“Say Takumi-san, do you have any plans for today?”

“No, we haven’t decided yet . ”

The next day, right after we finished breakfast, Rebecca-san asked us what we were planning .

“If you have not decided, why don’t you go with me to an orphanage?”

“Orphanage? Sure, why not . ”

Orphanage, huh~ Erm, is this something like a sympathy call?

Huh? In different world stories, it’s usually the temple that manages the orphanages, right? I went to the temple in every town we visited, but I never noticed an orphanage . Do things work differently in this world?

“Err… right now?”

“I plan on going a little before lunch . I’m bringing ingredients for lunch with me . ”

“Is that so? I have to do my best to help you then . ”

“”Do my best to help!””

“Fufu, thank you . ”

So, we accompanied Rebecca-san to the orphanage .

During the carriage ride, I asked Rebecca-san about the orphanages in detail, and she told me that orphanages are not run by the temple, but by funds from the country and the lord of the fief .

“Hello, Director . ”

“Rebecca-sama, thank you for coming . ”

The person called the Director was an elderly woman who smiled calmly at Rebecca-san .

“Are there any changes?”

“Yes, the children are in good health . ”

“I see . That’s good to hear . Then, I will let you prepare the meal as usual . ”

“Thank you very much . ”

Under Rebecca-san’s direction, the cooks and maids from the Ruven household began to bring in the food and other items .

“Umm, I should help too…”

“”… Help too . ””

“Oh my, you don’t have to help over there . You are helping me by staying by my side . ”

I came here with the intention of helping with the cooking, but Rebecca-san quickly dismissed me .

From Rebecca-san’s point of view, visiting with her is helping .

“Takumi-san, this is your first time visiting an orphanage, right?”

“Yes, that’s correct . The children here seem to be healthy and the environment also looks good . ”

“Oh my, does it seem that way? That is great . ”

There were more than a dozen children in the room . All of them have the characteristic plump face of a child .

“It’s Rebecca-sama~”

“Really!”

“Rebecca-sama, welcome!”

From three or four years old, smaller than Allen and Elena, to fifteen years old, pre-adolescents kids were rushing towards us .

“Huh~? Who is thish~?”

The gathered kids noticed us and inquired .

“Hello . I’m Rebecca-sama’s helper, Takumi . These children are——”

“… I’m Allen . ”

“… I’m Elena . ”

Allen and Elena were becoming less shy, but they seemed to be a little nervous, probably because they’ve never been looked at by so many children before .

“My little brother and sister . Will you play with them please?”

“Sure!”

“Let’sh pway!”

“What should we play?”

The children of the orphanage seemed to be sociable and approached Allen and Elena with immediate approval .

“”… What about helping~?””

Allen and Elena look up at me timidly .

They seem to be concerned because I told them we were here to help .

“It doesn’t seem like they need our help here . You can go play with the other kids . ”

It’s not often that they get the chance to play with so many children, so I want Allen and Elena to have fun .

“Rebecca-san, is it all right if I take out some toys to play with?”

“There’s no problem at all . ”

“Is that so? Thank you . ”

I took out a soapy balloon from my Infinite Storage .

“Here, how about you play with this?”

“What is that, Oniichan?”

“It’s a soapy balloon . Allen, Elena, how about you teach them how to play with it?”

“”Okay, got it . ””

“Quickly, let’s go~”

“Let’s play, let’s play . ”

Allen and Elena received the balloon and moved to a large area with the children of the orphanage .

“Right, Rebecca-san . What should I do if I want to make a donation?”

“Oh my, Takumi-san, you shouldn’t give donations so easily . ”

“Eh!? Is that so?”

Donations are no good? We have a good amount of money, so I thought it would be good to donate some…

“Easily, I mean . It’s not like you can’t . ”

“It’s fine as long as I don’t give out donations easily, then?”

“Yes . However, you seem like someone who would instantly make a donation if the children in orphanages were skinny . You have to be careful~”

“Ah~ I might not be able to stand it and just watch…”

In fact, I found Allen and Elena when they were scrawny, and I immediately gave them food to eat and raised them . Well, that’s because we had a connection .

I wouldn’t take others in if we are not fated, but I have plenty of money, so I might as well help them, right?

“As I said before, orphanages are run by the country and the lords . And yet, if the children’s nutrition is poor or the building is obviously in shambles, what can you think of?”

“Ah~ the lord or the director of the orphanage is neglecting the management?”

“It could also be someone else’s work, but that’s what it is about . ”

I see~ You can’t just donate money to an orphanage just because you feel that the orphanage doesn’t seem to be doing well .

“That’s why you have to immediately report to His Majesty if you find orphanages like that in other towns, Takumi-san . ”

“Eh, to His Majesty, you mean Tristan-sama!?”

“If you do a bad job trying to find out who is at fault, they could conceal their traces . The best thing to do is to report it to the top and leave it in the hands of the investigation team . ”

Certainly, it’s as Rebecca-san said . If I find an orphanage like that, I will report it to Tristan-sama before anything .

“I understand, I will do just that . However, there’s no problem in donating to a proper place, right?”

“Fufu, that’s fine . The buildings will inevitably age and unforeseen incidents might happen, so there are cases when the annual budget is simply not enough . That’s why we appreciate donations . ”

“I’m afraid I can’t do it here, so please help me with the donation when we return back to the mansion . ”

“Thank you . By the way, it’s also important to properly state what you want your donation to be used for . Or you can donate daily necessities instead of money, too . ”

“I’m learning a lot . ”

I’m learning a lot of things I really didn’t know about .

While I was talking with Rebecca-san, it seemed that lunch preparations were finished . I saw all the children moving together to the dining room .

I could also see that the children from the orphanage were inviting Allen and Elena to go with them .

However, Allen and Elena seemed to be wondering if it was okay for them to go, as they were glancing at me .

“My, oh my, it seems that they have become good friends already . ”

“Indeed . ”

I gestured for them to go, and Allen and Elena nodded and headed toward the dining room .

“We should move to the dining room as well, Takumi-san . ”

“Okay . Though, this makes me feel a bit lonely~”

“Because the children distance themselves a little from their older brother?”

“Yes . ”

Allen and Elena, who would have come back to me without hesitation before, started to distance themselves from me . I was happy to see that they had grown up, but at the same time I was sad .

“Fufu, children grow in a blink of an eye~”

“That is true . Ah~ What am I going to do if I’m the one that can’t distance myself from my little brother and little sister?”

“My, oh my!”

When I expressed my sincere feelings, Rebecca-san started laughing .

“You are terrible, Rebecca-san . I’m being very serious here~”

“Fufu, sorry about that . But, it’s fine . It won’t change the fact that both Allen-chan and Elena-chan love their older brother . ”

“They both love you too, Rebecca-san . Of course, me as well . ”

“Oh my, I’m happy to hear that . Then, I will have my precious son escort me to the dining room . ”

“Leave it to me . ”

We smiled at each other and headed to the dining room .




Chapter 277

The menu for today’s lunch was a hearty soup with Horned Rabbit meat and a variety of vegetables, and bread .

“They are eating so happily, aren’t they?”

“Fufu, indeed they are . ”

While the meal looked normal for me, I could hear the orphanage’s children expressing their delight with sentences such as “So much meat . ” and “There’s so many kinds of vegetables in this soup . ”, so it seems that today’s menu was a feast to them .

“Do they not eat a lot of meat here, after all?”

“That’s right~ They don’t have enough operating funds for that~”

“No, Rebecca-sama and the other members of the Ruven family have been very generous to us . ”

“But after all, the priority is to fill their stomachs with mostly cheap vegetables . ”

They have to take care of the lives of so many children with limited funds, don’t they? It must be hard to manage the budget~

“I’m grateful that we have food on the table for every meal . Also, some of the children who have graduated from the orphanage and became adventurers bring us meat from the monsters they have hunted . ”

“Heh~ so there are kids who became adventurers as well . ”

“Yes, the ones who are staying in this town are still young adults, but they are doing their best . ”

Ohh~ they’re such good kids, taking care of the orphanage they were in~

“I’m also an adventurer . It’s possible that we might meet at the Adventurer’s Guild one day . I will keep an eye out for them if I see them . ”

“Thank you very much!”

“Fufu, having Takumi-san, who is of a high rank, take care of them would be of enormous help . ”

“Oh my, a high ranker! Is that so! Being an adventurer is a difficult job after all, so just giving advice to those kids would be of great help! Please take care of them!”

Perhaps because she heard that I was a high-ranked adventurer, the Director was very delighted . However——

“Ah~ but I’m not a very experienced adventurer myself, and I’m not very active, so please don’t expect too much from me . ”

“Yes, of course . If you come across them and they seem to be in trouble, I’d appreciate it if you could talk to them . ”

“Well, that much is not a problem . ”

“Thank you so much!”

I thought I could at least listen to their problems, so when I gave my approval, the Director was overly happy . I felt that she was way too happy about this, but she seemed somewhat desperate, so I didn’t go into it and asked her about the characteristics of the kids who became adventurers .

“Thank you so much for today . ”

“Come to play again~”

“”Byebye~””

After lunch, we boarded the carriage with Rebecca-san after saying our farewells, but Allen and Elena, who had played with the kids and become good friends, looked a little sad .

“Let’s come to play again . ”

“”… Yeah . ””

Allen and Elena looked like they had a lot of fun, so I decided to come again in the near future .

“By the way, Rebecca-san . ”

As we swayed in the carriage, I decided to ask Rebecca-san a question I had been wondering about .

“Do many of the children from the orphanage become adventurers? According to the Director, the children seem to become adventurers on a regular basis, right?”

“We’re trying to improve on this, but when the children from the orphanage try to get jobs in the town, they’re always limited, and adventuring is one of the easiest-to-get jobs . ”

Does that mean they struggle with knowledge and skills? In that respect, anyone can register as an adventurer, right?

“That’s exactly why some children become adventurers even if they don’t have the skills to fight . ”

“Eh!? Isn’t that too dangerous…”

“Of course it’s dangerous . The Director must be very worried . That’s why she wanted to increase the children’s chances of survival even by a little . ”

That’s why the Director seemed so desperate .

Becoming an adventurer with no fighting skills, huh… Yeah, I wouldn’t be able to do that . That sounds too scary .

If it weren’t for the abilities given to me by Syl, I would never think of becoming an adventurer . I mean, I would have died on the spot when I arrived in this world! I was in the Gaya Forest, after all!

“N~…”

“What is it, Takumi-san?”

“Rebecca-san, if I were to make a donation, could you dispatch a teacher to the orphanage?”

“A teacher? Oh my, you came up with something interesting . ”

“Children of that age might be reluctant to study . It might even be useless, but I would like to give opportunities to children who are motivated to learn . ”

There is no compulsory education in this world, and it must be difficult to study even if you want to .

“What kind of teacher are you thinking specifically about?”

“Anything is fine . Reading and writing, calculations, manners, introduction to martial arts… anything is fine if it could expand the possibilities for the children…——Huh!? Eh? What is it!?”

Rebecca-san suddenly patted my head .

“My son is such a good boy it made me happy . ”

Rebecca-san smiled as she continued to stroke my hair, but I started to feel embarrassed .

“”Obaa~sama~””

Then, perhaps envious that my head was patted, Allen and Elena caught Rebecca-san’s attention and offered their own heads .

“My, oh my, Allen-chan and Elena-chan are also good kids~”

Rebecca-san patted the children’s heads with a smile on her face .

“S, so, what do you think?”

“As it turns out, we can send teachers . In fact, I have decided to do it even if you don’t donate anything, Takumi-san . ”

“Nonono, I will donate! However, it is up to you and the others to decide what kind of teachers to dispatch and for how long, and whether to dispatch them only as many times as my donation will cover, or whether you will continue dispatching them even after . ”

“Sheesh! You really are a good boy, Takumi-san~”

… My head got patted again . Moreover, this time, Allen and Elena were also patting my head together, so by the time the carriage arrived at the Ruven mansion, my hair was a mess!

Incidentally, as soon as we returned to the mansion, Velio-sama was informed about the dispatching of teachers to the orphanage, and he immediately agreed and decided to work out the details right away .




Chapter 278 

“Rebecca-san, could you introduce me to a carpenter?”

Rebecca-san opened her eyes wide as if she was surprised by my request .

“Carpenter? Eh, Takumi-san, are you building a house? Why? Are you uncomfortable here?”

“Nonono! Definitely not!?”

“Then, is it because I have been busy lately and haven’t been able to take care of you?”

“That’s definitely not it either!”

Rebecca-san has been a little busy with the dispatching of teachers to the orphanage, so she doesn’t get to spend much time with us . But that’s because I suggested it in the first place . I would never let that put me in a bad mood!

“You see, I can use Infinite Storage, right? That’s why I thought it would be easier to travel if I carried around a hut that we could use while traveling . ”

“Oh my! You have come up with something outrageous out of the blue again, Takumi-san!”

“You think so?”

“I do . But, that’s interesting! You can leave it to me then . I will write you a letter of introduction right away . ”

The idea of a mobile, transportable house was apparently outrageous .

I just thought it would be easier to rest under a roof in the forest or mountains if I had a house stored in the Infinite Storage~

“”Here~?””

“Right . This is the place . ”

That being the case, I immediately took the kids to the store that was introduced to me .

“Hello~”

“”Hello~””

“N? What is it . ”

When I entered the store, I saw a muscular middle-aged man . He was short and indeed looked like a dwarf . He gave us a quizzical look when he saw our faces .

“Erm… I would like to build a house… are you the shopkeeper?”

“Yeah, I am this workshop’s chief… you are quite young . Building a house costs a lot of money, ya know?”

The age group that orders a house is much older . That’s why the shopkeeper, the workshop’s chief, was making that look when the younger me came into the store .

“That will be of no problem . Ah, I have a letter of introduction here . ”

“Lemme see?——What!? A letter of introduction from the Ruven family!! You know them?”

“Yes, we are in their care . ”

When he saw the letter of introduction, the workshop’s chief looked at me in astonishment .

“”Obaa~sama!””

“What!?”

There, Allen and Elena let out a careless remark .

“Not related by blood, though!”

“So you are not illegitimate children? Well, I know the people of that family aren’t like that, but that was a statement that might make some people think otherwise . ”

“I thought so . We will be more careful from now on . ”

The workshop’s chief did not seem to have any strange misconceptions, but we have to be more careful because it could spawn some strange rumors about the Ruven family!

“”Can’t call her Obaa~sama?””

“I think it would be for the best if you restrained yourselves when speaking to people you have just met and strangers . ”

“”Au~””

“You only have to hold back when it’s not only us or people we know . Otherwise, we may cause unnecessary problems for Rebecca-san . ”

“… Got it~”

“… Will endure~”

Allen and Elena might want to go around saying things like that, but they’ll have to be patient .

“Mmh . Regardless of what relationship you have, the payment will be done by the Ruven family, yes?”

“No! I will be paying myself . I might look like this, but I earn quite a bit myself!”

They have introduced me to this store, but I will not make the Ruvens pay!

“Is that so? There’s no discount just because you were introduced by the Feudal Lord’s family, alright?”

“That’s fine with me . Erm, would you be more at peace if I told you that I was A-ranked adventurer?”

“Ohh, is that so! You don’t look like it at all! You really can fight?”

I’ve often been told that I don’t look strong, but this may be the first time I’ve been told so directly .

“I’m not very good with weapons, but I’m getting by with magic . ”

“Hmm . Magic huh, and you can get by with it? Oh well . And so, what kind of house would you like to build?”

“I would like two houses, but the first one should be a small hut with one floor . Something that can be set up in a small space . ”

I’m thinking of ordering two houses . The first one should be a smaller one, so that I can easily get it out in a forest with lots of trees . We could also use it when we need to take a short break or shelter from the rain in a hurry .

“That sounds more like a warehouse than a hut in terms of construction . Well sure, what’s next?”

“The second one should have a living room with a kitchen, a bedroom, a bathroom, and a restroom . The front door can be directly connected to the living room, the house itself shouldn’t be too big . ”

For the second house, I would like to include the bare necessities for daily life, with a larger space for relaxing, but since it will be used outside the towns, I would like it not to be too big so that it can be easily installed anywhere .

“That’s an unusual order, but it doesn’t mean it can’t be built . So, are you going to build them in the same place?”

“Ah~ about that… I’m planning to carry them around, so I’d like them not to be fixed to the ground . ”

“Hah!? Carry them around? You mean the houses!?”

“Yes . I would like it if you could keep it a secret, but I can use Infinite Storage, so I would like to use the houses while doing requests . ”

This reminded me that I forgot to tell him something very important, so when I told him the purpose of using the houses——

“Gahahahaha~”

Suddenly, the workshop’s chief started laughing hysterically .

“Uhm…?”

“This is the first time I received an order this amusing! That’s hilarious!”

… He seemed to like my order?

“A house that you can carry, huh . We can’t do with the normal blueprints then . ”

“Yes, I would like to eliminate as many things as possible that I don’t think we will need . ”

“Right . Alright, I want to draw a plan, so I will have you tell me more details!”

“Alright, I will be in your care then . ”

“Ah, I haven’t introduced myself yet . I’m Ivano . ”

“My name is Takumi . ”

“Allen . ”

“Elena . ”

“Ou . You two shorties can let me know too if you come up with anything . ”

“”Okay . ””

We had a detailed discussion with Ivano-san, who suddenly became very excited .

We decided to build both houses in the style of log houses, using the logs to blend in with nature . The hut could be entered with shoes and was about six tatami mats big with a large table and chairs .

The other house was styled with a living room with a small entrance where you take off your shoes and immediately find yourself in a carpeted room . A sofa and a low table make it completely relaxing, and there was a proper place with water and a work table in the corner of the room to prepare light meals . There was a separate toilet and bathroom that we spared no magic tools on . Instead of a bed in the bedroom, we will have more than half of the room raised a bit so that we can use that for sleeping . I thought this would also allow Joule and the others to sleep together with us .

I also requested Ivano-san to order furniture and bedding in the right sizes .

“If you need a place to build, the Ruven family will lend you one of their vacant lands . ”

“That would be great . ”

Ivano-san said he currently had his hands free and would get right to work . I left the store after I handed him the advanced payment .




Chapter 279

After we finished ordering the houses, we headed to the Fiji Company . That’s because they informed me that the products I had ordered were ready and available for purchase .

The items I ordered this time were Aonori, seaweed salt, kombu salt, and sesame salt, and since there were no problems with the prototype products, I will purchase them immediately .

I’m thinking of making takoyaki and seaweed salt potato chips right away .

“Hello . ”

“”Hello~””

“Takumi-sama, thank you for coming . ”

“Eh, why is a branch manager like you standing at the front of the store, Hannah-san!?”

“Ah, I was told that you were going to come today, so I moved my work here so that I wouldn’t keep you waiting . I’m usually in the back, so please be assured . ”

No, no, on the contrary, that’s not reassuring at all .

Indeed, when I got contacted by the Fiji Company, I told them I would visit them today, but I didn’t expect her to be waiting for me .

… I will come unannounced the next time I have to go .

“Erm, I would like to buy the new seasonings right away, would that be okay?”

“Yes, of course . ”

Hannah-san brought the goods over immediately .

“This is it, Takumi-sama . ”

The slightly larger jar contained the Aonori, the bottle that was the same size as the Easy Salt Series, but with a light blue lid contained the seaweed salt, the one with the gray lid contained kombu salt, the purple lid one contained sesame salt (black ground sesame), and the light purple lid one contained another sesame salt (white ground sesame) .

“Ohh~ thank you very much . ”

“Nono, we should be the ones thanking you . The Easy Salt Series is very popular, so the sales will increase again with every new kind that comes out!”

I had thought that the Easy Salt Series was still not that well known, but it seems to be selling well .

However, I’ve run out of ideas, so I guess there won’t be any new kinds unless the people at the Fiji Company come up with something else on their own . Well, I didn’t want to be honest to a fault about it, so I left the Fiji Company with muddy thoughts .

“I think I would like to make takoyaki . ”

“”Yay~!””

When we returned to the Ruven house, I immediately decided to try my hand at making takoyaki .

The place was not in the kitchen, but in my room . I can make it with the hot plate magic tool I got made in the Capital .

“The dough is ready and the octopus is perfect, too!”

“”Perfect~!””

“I got Mayonnaise and an imitation sauce ready, Aonori and katsuobushi are ready too . ”

“Preparations are~”

“Perfect~”

“Indeed . Let’s make it then . ”

“”Ohh~!””

I poured the batter onto the hot plate, and the octopus was boiled and cut into bite-sized pieces .

“What’s next~?”

“What’s next~?”

“Wait for a moment until the sides are browned~”

The children stared at the hot plate while letting out “Sizzle, sizzle~♪” from their mouths .

“This should be good enough . Then, you… turn it over like this . ”

“”Ohh~ round and round~””

I turned the dough around with a thin stick to make it round in shape .

“”It became roundy!””

I have never made takoyaki before, but I guess even I can do it when I try~

“Alright, it’s grilled . ”

“”Grilled~””

“Well, let’s put it on the plate and pour mayonnaise and the sauce over it . Allen, sprinkle some Aonori on it . Elena you sprinkle the katsuobushi . ”

“”Will sprinkle~””

“And it’s done~”

“”Done~””

We immediately tried the completed takoyaki .

“”Wafu!””

“It’s hot! Uh, I was too late, wasn’t I? You did not scald your tongues, did you?”

Allen and Elena devoured the entire takoyaki . It was fresh and hot, so I panicked .

“”Dewish~””

However, Allen and Elena didn’t seem to be scalded, rather they were chewing with a smile on their faces .

“It’s piping hot when freshly made, so you must be careful when eating . ”

“”Yeah . ””

No, wait a minute . I have the “Abnormal Status Resistance” skill so I’m not going to scald myself, right? And the kids have the skill too . Well, I don’t know how proficient their skill is, so I don’t know to what degree they are safe .

Now that I don’t have to worry about getting scalded, I’m going to try some takoyaki too .

“Oh, they turned out pretty good . ”

They taste good . It will be fine to mass-produce them like this then .

“They are easy to eat, so they are good when craving something to eat . I would like to make some for Rebecca-san to taste and also make a share for Joule and others . Allen, Elena, will you help me?”

“”Yea!””

“Allen wants to try doing roundy-round, too!”

“Elena too, Elena too!”

“Sure, why don’t you give it a try?”

“”Yay~””

Once the grilled portion was consumed, we began mass production .

“It’s about time . ”

“”Yay~ err… like this?””

“Right, right, looks good . ”

“”Round and round♪””

“Oh~ you are doing great . ”

“”Ehehe~””

Allen and Elena dexterously managed to make the shape of takoyaki .

“Just keep twirling it around a bit more, and when it’s as brown as the one you just ate, it’s done, so take it off and put on the plates . ”

“”Okay~””

Just as it was almost ready, there was a knock at the door .

“Coming~”

It seemed safe to leave Allen and Elena with the hot plate, so I left and opened the door . Rebecca-san and Velio-san were there .

“Huh, what happened?”

“The servants reported that they smelled a good fragrance coming out of your room . ”

“Takumi-kun, what are you making?”

I didn’t think it smelled that much, but the smell of grilled octopus seemed to have leaked out of the room unexpectedly . It seems that the servants had reported it to Rebecca-san .

“Sorry about that . ”

“Nono, Takumi-kun, don’t get us wrong . It’s not like we are criticizing you . ”

“That’s right . I came here with Velio-san to ask you to let us join you . ”

“Is that so? In that case…”

“Onii~ chan . ”

“It’s grilled~”

“Alright~——It seems you came just at the right time . Please, come in . ”

I invited Rebecca-san and Velio-san into the room and led them over to Allen and Elena, who were placing takoyaki on the plates .

“We will sprinkle, so . ”

“Pour the sauce~”

“Okay, alright~”

Then, Allen and Elena who were waiting for me with the seaweed salt and katsuobushi were hurrying me to pour the sauce and mayonnaise on it .

“There . Then, you can let Rebecca-san and Velio-san eat it after you sprinkle . ”

“”Okay!””

“Obaa~sama, eat~”

“Velio Onii~sama, eat too~”

Allen and Elena happily presented the finished takoyaki .

“My, oh my! This is delicious!”

“Truly . It’s very delicious . ”

“”Yay~!””

The takoyaki seemed to suit Rebecca-san and Velio-san’s palate .

“Takumi-kun, what kind of dish is this?”

“It’s called takoyaki, or octopus dumplings . ”

“”… Octopus?””

However, when Rebecca-san and Velio-san heard the word “Octopus”, a bewildered expression showed up on their faces .

“Uhm… there’s octopus inside the dumplings… are you bad with octopi?”

“Takumi-san, octopi are that, right? The strange creatures living in the seas, right?”

“Yeah . Those squishy creatures with lots of unidentifiable hands or feet, right?”

“Y, yes, I think that’s it . ”

“”……””

Rebecca-san and Velio-san were dumbfounded .

Is octopus perhaps something that shouldn’t be eaten?

“U, umm…”

“Octopi are surprisingly delicious, aren’t they~”

“Indeed . Their texture is quite amusing too . I never thought of eating them since they look like that, but I think it’s a waste to dispose of them now . ”

“Indeed~ But would people accept them, I wonder?”

Apparently, they thought that octopi were inedible, so when they caught them, they were immediately discarded . But they are apparently going to make a policy to stop it .

I was relieved that they were not angry with me for making them eat something strange, and that they accepted it… The Ruven family really is broad-minded~

“Wouldn’t it be fine if we present them in dishes like this one?——Takumi-kun, do you have more octopus dishes that are easier to make? I would like you to tell me if you do . ”

“Yes, I have a few suitable ones . ”

Velio-san asked me to tell him if there were any more dishes in which octopus was the main ingredient so that people would accept it, so I taught him how to prepare octopus dishes I could quickly think of, such as octopus karaage and octopus with vinegared miso .

Velio-sama told me that he would prepare an equivalent payment for it, but I refused .

They are always taking care of us and it’s also my apology for letting them eat octopus without telling . When I said that, Velio-san backed off .

“Still, you are always full of surprises, Takumi-san . ”

“Yes, indeed . ”

I admit that I did scare them this time, but I was a little unhappy with the “always” assessment .




Chapter 280

The day after the takoyaki, we came to the Adventurer’s Guild .

I like lazing around in the mansion quite a bit too since there are a lot of things I can do indoors, such as mass-producing food, but it was a nice day, so we just went out for a walk when we arrived here .

“”A request~?””

“What do we do? I haven’t decided yet, so let’s just take a look at the requests and see if there’s anything interesting . If not, there’s no need to force ourselves to take on one, so let’s just keep wandering around the town then . ”

“”Okay, got it~””

I’m sorry for being an overly choosy adventurer, but it’s not like we have to earn money doing something we don’t want to do, so I will just go with this policy .

“Whoah!”

“——Oops . ”

When I entered the guild and was about to go look at the request board, a boy who looked like he was just coming of age came flying towards me, so I quickly caught him .

It may be an exaggeration to say that he flew at me, but he didn’t “stagger” or “fall” . Because his body was completely floating in the air .

“Are you alright?”

“… Y, yes . T, thank you very much . ”

I stood the boy up firmly and checked him for injuries, but he seemed to be fine .

“”””Kane!””””

Then, boys and girls around the same age as the boy who had flown at me came running up to him in panic .

“Kane, are you okay?”

“A, are you injured? You are not hurt, are you!?”

They must be his party members . They checked the boy’s safety worriedly .

“Why did you throw him! What’s your deal!”

A strong-willed girl turned around and glared into the direction the boy flew from .

There was a man there with a tough body and a seemingly bad temper . Apparently, the boy had been thrown to the ground by that man .

“Stop squealing, you are too noisy . You better quit being an adventurer if you get injured from something like that! In the first place, you should not refuse when I say that I’m going to teach you!”

“You think we don’t know! Your only purpose is to rip off the guidance fee from us without teaching us anything! Of course we will refuse you!”

“I’m going to teach you well, so I need a proper fee for that!”

“Your violent behavior can’t be called teaching!”

Oh, I get it now . That guy with a bad temper wanted to extort money from these beginners in the name of guidance! And so, these children realized that and refused further guidance, causing that man to fling away the boy in anger .

“… Haah . ”

“Ah!?”

I let out an involuntary sigh of disgust, and the man with the bad temper noticed it .

“What, you bastard . What are you bringing kids like that here for, where do you think this is!?”

Whoah~ what an easy-to-quarrel fellow .

“You are going to get detained if you keep on quarreling . ”

The fellow adventurers are not interfering because they think this is just a quarrel between adventurers, but what this man is doing is extortion . It’s a proper crime, the guild is surely acting already .

“Shut up! Who do you think I am!”

“No, I have no idea . ”

I wouldn’t know someone I met for the first time . Or is this person a celebrity everyone here knows?

“I am a noble, you know!”

“…?”

When I examined the man with Appraisal, it showed that he was the third son of Baron from the Belfard Empire . He doesn’t seem to be a famous celebrity or anything, though . Erm… is his status something he can use to swagger around in foreign countries? Rather, to put out his identity while being an active adventurer is a bit…

“You bastard!”

As if he didn’t like the fact that I remained silent and tilted my head, the man pulled out the sword he wore at his waist . I don’t know why people like this have such a short temper . You should have given me a little more time to think .

The moment he pulled out his sword, Allen and Elena felt threatened by his action, so I hurriedly moved to stop them .

“”Yaah!””

“Hey! Stop!”

I couldn’t stop the first kick to the abdomen, but I caught Allen and Elena in the nick of time and was able to stop the ax kick on the head .

“”I hate that guy—!””

“Yes, yes, do not point your fingers . Well, your brother dislikes him too, but violence is not the answer here . ”

Allen and Elena pointed at the fallen third son of the Baron and showed their disgust . They were unusually angry .

I guess the first kick would be self-defense since the other guy had his sword drawn, but I’m glad I stopped them in time because the ax kick on the head would surely take his life away .

Rather, this kind of development happened before when we came to register as adventurers, right~ how nostalgic .

However… is it the level difference? Recently, Allen and Elena’s speeds have been getting more and more polished, so I can barely keep up with them . I think I need to start thinking about raising my levels earnestly .

“Oi, oi, what happened?”

While the people around me were buzzing around and I was thinking about the future, a thin man with well-defined muscles approached us . From what the people around me were muttering, he seemed to be the Guild Master . I was a little surprised, because he gave off the impression of an active adventurer .

“Is he the one who’s been causing trouble lately and is under observation? Someone take him to the infirmary . Oh, and keep an eye on him . ”

The Guild Master looked around and immediately started giving instructions to the staff .

As I thought, the behavior of the man whom we got involved with has been a problem for a long time, after all .

“So, who was it that made him look like that?”

“Ah~ it was me . When I rebuked him for extorting others, he got angry, pulled out his sword, and attacked me, so I knocked him out . ”

“You did? I don’t recognize your face . Are you an adventurer… no, did you come to issue a request?”

“I’m an adventurer, more or less . I haven’t been in this town for long, so I haven’t shown up here much before . ”

“Is that so? Well, sure . Anyhow, let me talk to you in another room . And also, those who were extorted… yeah, those guys . ——You guys too . ”

The Guild Master tried to calmly assess the situation and gathered the parties involved in the commotion .

“Also, is there someone who knows what went on in this mess? Someone who was present from the beginning, if possible . ”

The Guild Master looked for a third party to further confirm the authenticity of the story .

He seems to be quite a capable guy .

“GM, if you need someone from around the time the new guy got involved, then we saw it all . ”

“Evan and Scott? I can trust you guys then . Sorry, but I’m going to take up some of your time . ”

“Roger that . ”

“Understood . ”

Two kind-looking handsome men came forward, so we all moved to another room under the direction of the Guild Master .

“Let’s start right away, you were the guys that got entangled with Bob, right? Erm…”

“We are an E-rank party, the Black Cats . That person said ‘I will teach you so pay up’ but we heard bad rumors about him, so we declined . ”

“However, he seemed to be unable to stomach that we refused, so he grabbed Kane by the collar and…”

As soon as we entered the conference room and took our seats assigned by the Guild Master, the interview began .

“I was no match for him with my physique and got flung away . However, I was saved by this person who just happened to be passing by . ”

“Hmm . ”

The Guild Master’s gaze turned to me as he listened to the beginner adventurers’ stories, wrinkling his brow and drumming his fingers on the desk . It seems I was the next in line .




Chapter 281

“Um, you said you were an adventurer?”

“Yes, my name is Takumi . As I said before, we only recently arrived in this town, and today we came to accept a request, but as soon as we stepped inside, he——Kane-kun suddenly came flying at me, so I quickly caught him . ”

After catching him, the members of the “Black Cat” came running up to me, and then the rude man——Bob also came over and wouldn’t stop tangling with those kids, so I rebuked him . I was wondering what to do when Bob started to throw out his identity, but he didn’t seem to like my attitude and pulled out his sword . So, I had to use physical means to detain him .

“Fumu . Evan, Scott, how about it?”

“It was pretty much like that . ”

“Yeah . The only thing I could add is that it wasn’t this man, but the children with him who defeated Bob . ”

The Guild Master looked dumbfounded when the handsome man who was called in as a third party told him that I had left out some details .

“N? Nn?”

However, the Guild Master’s dumbfounded expression was short-lived, and let out a shout as he stared fixedly at us .

“Takumi… black-haired man of gentle manners like a wind… with children… you must be ‘Setsuna’!”

“……”

The Guild Master, who had been pondering out loud, shouted out my nickname . I’m not familiar with it yet, but “Setsuna” is the name I was given in the Capital .

Or rather, the Guild Master did well to derive that from the little information he had~

“Setsuna is that fellow, right? The one who became A-ranker soon after becoming an adventurer, right? I’m sure he was a young adult with two children…”

“Whoah! Seriously! Doesn’t he check all the marks!”

The two handsome men——I don’t know which one is Evan and which one is Scott, but one spoke about the details of my person calmly, while the other one let out a surprised voice .

Isn’t it amazing how much information you can get just by saying a nickname? Is this something you would usually know? However, I don’t know anyone else’s nickname, though? The only nickname I got to know in the Capital was that of the wolf Beastman Raizel, which is the ‘Ash Wolf’ . I don’t know anyone else by their nickname .

I’m sure that Dragon Breath’s Rudolph-san also has a nickname, but… I don’t know it~

“And so, are you really Setsuna himself?”

“It’s quite difficult to accept being called like that, but… well yes, I have been called like that before . ”

“Ohh! It’s amazing how young you are! I’m a B-ranker Evan, nice to meet you!”

“Ah, yes . I’m Takumi . I’m pleased to make your acquaintance . ”

The one with the dark blue hair was Evan-san, and the way he smiles seemed very social . So that must mean the one with light brown hair that looked more like a scholar was Scott-san .

“Evan, what are you suddenly introducing yourself for?”

“I mean, GM, this is a good opportunity, so I wanted to get closer . ”

“Leave that for after we are done . ”

“Roger that . ”

“Returning to the story . Setsuna, it was your children who knocked Bob down?”

The Guild Master’s attention returned and he resumed the questioning .

“That’s correct . I managed to stop them after a single hit, so I don’t think that man was seriously hurt . ”

“Certainly, he fainted brilliantly but I didn’t see any injuries . There should be no problems normally considering that Bob brandished his sword first, but…”

The Guild Master folded his arms and seemed to be pondering about something .

“Is there any problem?”

“We are still investigating his identity that he has been throwing around lately, so we had not confirmed whether it’s true or not yet . ”

Ah, he did say “I’m a noble”, didn’t he? Even though the rank of Baron isn’t that high, it’s still something that can’t be ignored? Ah, I examined him with Appraisal, but the Guild might not know yet what kind of status he has . Is this why he is considering how to deal with this situation?

“Excuse me for intruding . ”

“Granvelio-sama!? What is the matter?”

As the silence continued, Velio-san suddenly entered the room, and the Guild Master stood up in a fluster . Hearing the Guild Master’s words, the rest of the adventurers started getting noisy .

Well, Velio-san is the acting lord, isn’t he? Well, that’s what happens when a person like that suddenly appears~ Anyway, what happened for Velio-san to be here?

“I heard that someone claiming to be a noble was causing a commotion in our territory, so I have come to check it out . ”

“I am sorry to bother you like this . ”

“Nono, I just happened to be free . And so, I heard that he caused a public ruckus, what exactly happened?”

“Yes, he was flaunting his social status, but he also brandished his sword . ”

“Hou… my goodness, he did something troubling indeed . ”

Erm, from the flow of the story, that man called Bob was doing domineering things, but he wasn’t doing anything illegal publicly that could be used as evidence, so they couldn’t deal with him before .

“Who did he draw his sword at?”

“It was them . ”

“… Hou . ”

When he heard who Bob drew his sword at, Velio-san’s expression changed .

“Ve, Velio-san, we were not injured or anything, okay!?”

“I’m glad you were not hurt . However, he drew his sword at you and the kids, Takumi-kun . There’s no need to go easy at him then . I will pursue this matter mercilessly . ”

Velio-san was smiling, but his eyes weren’t .

“U, umm, Granvelio-sama, you know these guys?”

“Yes, they are all our family’s children . ”

“””Hah?”””

Velio-san, what are you saying now!? Guild Master, Evan-san, and Scott-san were dumbfounded, while the beginner adventurers froze in place, you know~

“Ah . We are not related by blood, okay? They are kids my Mother treats like her own child and grandchildren . Well, I treat them the same way, though . ”

“Velio-san, shouldn’t you say that we are adventurers who the Ruven household is guardian of here?”

“That wouldn’t convey the intimacy of our relationship, though . ”

Geez~ Velio-san . That makes me happy, but is this fine for your reputation?

“”Shouldn’t we not say it~?””

“N? What do you mean Allen-kun, Elena-chan?”

“Ah~ I just told them that we shouldn’t tell outside that we are close with the Ruven family . We could get unnecessary attention because of that, after all . ”

“That is true as well——Allen-kun, Elena-chan, listen well . It’s fine to say it but you have to choose your opponents well . It’s fine to say it to people who you think it’s fine to inform . ”

“”Got it~””

Is that fine? Well, it should be fine since it’s Velio-san who said it?

“Well, we will have to investigate the identity of the other party first . ”

Fufufu, Velio-san who laughed seemed to be full of motivation .

“Erm, he seems to be someone from a Baron household of the Belfard Empire . ”

“Oh my, is that so? Thank you very much for the valuable information, Takumi-kun . ——Then, Noah-dono, would you let my family deal with that problematic person?”

“Y, yes, gladly . ”

The Guild Master gulped after sensing the dangerous aura coming out of Velio-san .

“Well then, I will be returning to the mansion, what about you guys, Takumi-kun?”

“We haven’t done anything yet, so we will stay . ”

“Is that so, I understand . Please don’t do anything else today if possible . ”

“How vexing . The way you say it makes it seem as if I cause trouble all the time . Rather, I won’t cause any problems . ”

“My, oh my, I never spoke the word ‘problem’, I will take your word for it . ”

Velio-san, who appeared dashingly, left just as dashingly and the room fell into silence .




Chapter 282

“My goodness~ what a consecutive streak of surprises~ So this is why you should not get into a quarrel with Setsuna, huh . ”

Once Velio-san left, it was Evan-san who let out a dry laugh first .

“Do you plan on quarreling with us? Rather, please call me by my name, Evan-san . ”

“Right . I will call you Takumi then . You don’t have to use honorifics with me . And so, I don’t plan on picking a fight with you guys, so please let’s get along . ”

“Takumi-san, I’m Evan’s partner, B-ranker Scott . Best regards . ”

“I’m pleased to make your acquaintance, Scott-san . Ah, these children are——”

“I’m Allen . ”

“I’m Elena . ”

As we began to introduce ourselves, the quiet atmosphere gradually eased .

“They are D-rankers, but they are a little more powerful than that . ”

“They struck down Bob in one hit, after all . That was surprising . ”

When I revealed Allen and Elena’s ranks, I could hear the admiration of the rookie adventurers .

“Do you guys want to be adventurers?”

“Y, yes . ”

It was Kane-kun who replied with a surprised face when I suddenly talked to them .

“Sorry if I get this wrong, but are you perhaps children from the orphanage?”

“Yes, that’s right…”

The characteristics of the adventurers I had been told about by the orphanage’s director matched these rookie adventurers, so when I asked them directly, the faces of the boys suddenly turned pale .

“What is it, Takumi? Are you bullying the rookies?”

“Of course not . How did it become like that!?”

Seeing their state, Evan-san teased .

“You asked them whether they were kids from an orphanage, didn’t you?”

“Why do you see that as bullying?”

“Takumi-san, there are some adventurers who despite others just because they are from an orphanage . ”

Scott-san explained what Evan-san was trying to say . It seems that there are some people who not only treat you with disdain but also with contempt just because you come from an orphanage .

It’s unreasonable to be treated so unfairly just because you came from an orphanage…

“Eh, is that why their faces turned so pale when I asked about it!?”

Did the boys think that “The A-ranker is targeting us!” or something?

“Don’t misunderstand, okay? I’m acquaintanced with the Director and was asked by her to take care of you guys, so I was only confirming whether it’s you . ”

“Eh… with the Director?”

“That’s right . I mean, the orphanage is managed by the Feudal Lord, right? We have that kind of relationship . ”

“””””Ah!”””””

They know that we have a good relationship with Velio-san, so they were immediately convinced .

“Rather, do I look like someone who would bully the newbies? I’m quite shocked to hear that…”

“”There, there . ””

“””Buh!”””

When I showed a bit of dejection, Allen and Elena stood up on their chairs and patted my head in comfort . Then, Guild Master, Evan-san, and Scott-san exploded in laughter .

“Yeah, thank you Allen, Elena . I’m fine now, why don’t you sit down?”

“”Is okay~?””

“I’m okay, I’m okay . ”

“”Got it~””

I’m thankful for the children’s consideration, but it was a bit embarrassing, so I stopped them and seated them back .

“Hey, you! Stop laughing already!”

“Guh… they are good kids these twins, aren’t they?”

“Truly . They seem good at comforting . ”

Evan-san and Scott-san were making bad excuses, and the Guild Master tried to cover his laughter by coughing .

“That being the case, if you guys are troubled about something, you can come consult with me without hesitation if you happen to come across us . ”

“Yes, thank you very much . ”

For the time being, I left the three who were still laughing alone, and when I conveyed my intentions clearly, the boys finally showed relieved expressions .

Then, one by one, they introduced themselves . The adventuring party “Black Cat” was led by Kane-kun, and consisted of Terry-kun, Keith-kun, Nina-chan, and Fiona-chan, all of whom were fifteen years old . All of them were fifteen years old . They all seemed to be honest kids .

“By the way, Guild master . Although Velio-san appeared halfway, is it fine to end the hearing here?”

“Yeah, it’s fine . Did you come today with accepting a request in mind?”

“We came to look whether there’s anything good… but we really only came to look today, I guess? Oh yeah! Can I take a short course on weapon handling at the guild? Right now, if possible . ”

I asked the guild master if I could take a class on weapon handling, something I had been meaning to do when I had time, but had forgotten about or hadn’t had a chance to do .

“We do short courses here . It will be alright to do it immediately if you want to arrange it, but… that’s meant for rookies, you know?”

“Oh no, I specialize in magic so I don’t use weapons at all, so I want to learn so that I’m ready when needed . ”

“Oh, I see . We can arrange it immediately then, but what weapons do you want to learn?”

“Let’s see, swords, spears, bows, hand to hand combat… the most common ones? The participants will be me, the twins, and those five kids . ”

“””””Eh?”””””

When I added the members of the “Black Cat” without their permission, the five let out surprised voices .

“Ta, Takumi-san!?”

“I will pay for the tuition fee, so you don’t need to worry . Or is there someone who is already used to handling weapons?”

“N, no, we aren’t . B, but…”

“Learning the basics is important, so you better take the lessons . In any case, now’s going to be a delicate time to take requests . If you can’t afford to live without today’s commission, I will help you out . ”

I was a little pushy and proceeded on my own .

I can’t tell them about the education of the children at the orphanage because it hasn’t been implemented yet, but this also serves as a follow-up for these children who won’t receive the education due to their age .

“Then, let’s go learn how to use weapons with everyone, Allen, Elena~

“”Okay~””

Without giving time to the troubled “Black Cats”, we quickly proceeded .

“Guild Master, can I ask about the course at the reception?”

“Ah, no, I will arrange it so come with me to the reception . ”

“You will arrange it yourself, Guild Master? Thank you very much . ——Well then, let’s go everyone~”

I urged everyone out of the room .

“Excuse me, but how old are you, Guild Master?”

“Me? I’m thirty-five . ”

On the way to the reception desk, I chatted a bit with Noah-san, the Guild Master .

He looked like an active adventurer, so I took the liberty of asking him about it, and he told me that he was suffering from a leg injury . It’s hard to tell at a glance because he doesn’t have any problems walking normally, but it seems he can’t plant his feet firmly on the ground . This is certainly fatal for an adventurer .

He was originally an A-rank adventurer, so retiring must have been a difficult decision for him .

He told me that he became a guild employee right after he retired, and then this and that happened and he was promoted to a Guild Master before he knew it . “What do you mean this and that happened?” II thought to myself, but I guess it just means that Noah-san was just that good at what he did .




Chapter 283

After completing the procedures for the short course at the reception desk, we immediately moved to the training area .

Weapons training is taught by the guild staff or skilled adventurers who are commissioned by the Guild, and this time there seemed to be two guild staff teaching us .

“We are free at the moment, so let us join . ”

“I can teach you how to handle swords . ”

Evan and Scott were not taking any more requests today, so they decided to join us as instructors for free since they had time to spare .

“You want to learn all the weapons, right?”

“Uh, it’s just me who wants to learn all of them . ”

“Is that so? Well, where should we start then…”

The Guild’s practice weapons were prepared and the short course was about to begin… but we soon got stuck . This is because the teaching methods were different for the Black Cats, who were amateurs, and us, who had a set fighting style and wanted to learn about weapons as preliminary knowledge .

“How about letting the children decide on their weapons first? As expected, they can’t afford to mess around like we do . ”

“It’s certainly true that rookies like them should avoid doing this and that and focus on practicing with one weapon at a time . ”

“I thought so——Kane-kun, you guys should consider the composition of your party first and then decide on the weapons you want to use . ”

“””””Yes!”””””

The first thing to do is to decide which weapons the Black Cats should use .

The five of them were seriously thinking about it as they tried holding the practice weapons that were prepared for them .

“Takumi-san, we have decided!”

I don’t know if they had weapons they wanted to use or if they were already using them, but they made their choice immediately .

Kane-kun and Keith-kun chose swords, Terry-kun chose a spear, Nina-chan chose a bow and a dagger, and Fiona-chan chose a dagger and throwing knives . It seems that they received a bit of advice from the staff, but they came together quite nicely .

But the weapon you want to use and the weapon that is right for you don’t always match together, so they may have to make some changes after they actually wield the weapons .

“Then, Scott and I will teach you the sword . ”

Evan-san handles a large sword as tall as he is, and Scott-san uses a regular sword, so they are going to teach us how to use swords, including Kane-kun and Keith-kun .

One of the staff members——Rick-san, is in charge of spears and will take care of Terry-kun, while the other staff member, Moran-san, is in charge of bows and throwing knives and will take care of Nina-chan and Fiona-chan .

“As for me, let’s see~ I’m going to mix things with a spear . ”

Whether I can handle it well or not aside, I have already acquired the Swordsmanship skill, so I guess I will try to learn the skill of a different weapon .

“Evan-san, Scott-san, can Allen and Elena join us?”

I’m not sure how long it’s going to take for Allen and Elena to learn how to use a sword, but I’m sure they will learn how to handle one properly .

“… Well, we will be learning basics like sword stance at first, so I don’t mind . ”

“”Yay~!””

“Allen, Elena, you guys listen well to what these two say, okay?”

“”Yeah!””

Knowing that they can learn to use swords too, Allen and Elena joyfully took out their swords from their pouches .

“Oi, Takumi! You are letting your kids carry such fine swords!?”

Then Evan-san shouted, surprised that the kids had their own swords .

“Fine swords…? They are bladeless swords, you know?”

The swords look reasonable, but they are swords that were made for practice by an apprentice blacksmith . They are not very good, according to the master blacksmith, because they have been re-hammered many times .

“They are proper swords, even if they have no blade! It’s much better than the ones that adventurers with no money have! You can’t just buy something like that for kids!”

“I didn’t buy it… my children earn enough to buy those swords with the money they earned themselves, you know?”

“”Hah?””

It was not just Evan-san, but Scott-san as well, who sounded dumbfounded .

If we were to strictly divide the earnings, the children might be earning more than me . The kids are the ones who kill most of the monsters and find all kinds of rare medicinal herbs, after all .

“Nono, I told you that the twins are D-rankers, right? D-rank adventurers would have reasonably good weapons already, right? It’s the same . ”

“That is… true?”

“… I guess . ”

Although the two still had some doubts, they seemed convinced and the short course begain . First, they taught us how to hold the swords properly, the manner of swinging, and then a series of flowing movements .

“You seem to have gotten the gist of it, Takumi . ”

“You think so? I’m glad to hear that . ”

By the time lunchtime came and we took a break, I had acquired the Spear Technique skill . It’s all thanks to Rick-san .

“Now then, what should we do for lunch?”

“Why are you asking, are you not coming to the Guild’s cafeteria?”

“Oh, come to think of it, there was such a place . ”

The Adventurer’s Guild has a cafeteria, or rather a tavern, attached to it . I often see adventurers drinking after work, but we almost never use it, so I forgot about it .

“Allen, Elena, are you fine with the cafeteria?”

“”Yeah, I’m hungry~””

Allen and Elena seemed to be starving after a lot of sword practice . Both of them were rubbing their stomachs .

“I would like to say that it’s fine to eat a lot, but we continue the practice in the afternoon, so don’t overeat too much . ”

“”Okay~””

“Come on, you guys come too . ”

“No, well…”

When I was about to leave the training area, I called out to Kane-kun and the others because they were not moving . However, Kane-kun and his friends were timidly standing in place .

“They are in a period where it’s hard to pay for lunch . ”

“Is that so?”

“Indeed . When we were like them, the most we could earn on a daily basis was a small deposit for the lodging fee . You have to save up to buy weapons, so it’s not unusual for the rookies to not be able to eat three meals a day . ”

Evan-san and Scott-san told me why Kane-kun and the others are not moving .

I didn’t know that rookie adventurers had to live on such a tight budget .

“It’s fine so just come with us . I told you I will help you out, right? I will treat you, no need to hesitate . ”

“But… umm…”

“We hungry~”

“Quickly come~”

Urged by the hungry Allen and Elena, Kane-kun and others finally moved .

It’s not that they are reserved, it’s that they don’t know what to do, I’m sure of it .

“Oh, I will treat you too, Evan-san, Scott-san . Eat to your heart’s content, but please don’t drink, we have to learn from you in the afternoon too, after all . ”

“Are you sure? Evan eats a lot . ”

“Does he eat that much even though he’s this slender? Rather, now I’m curious to see just how much he eats, can I ask you to eat until you are full, Evan-san?”

“Hohou, are you challenging me?”

“Can you eat about one large silver coin of food?”

“That’s too much even for me . ”

Evan-san gave up quickly .

Well, if you had five large copper coins, which is 50G, you could eat a set meal at a cheap place . When it comes to a large silver coin, which is 1000G, that would be roughly 20 meals by a simple calculation .

Even if he eats a lot, it seems that it’s not this much .

“Heh~ it’s quite crowded here . ”

I had assumed that the cafeteria would be empty at noon, since many people go out to complete requests during the daytime, but the cafeteria was quite crowded . And I could also see a few people here and there drinking something that looked like alcohol .

“What do you want to eat Allen, Elena?”

“”N~ you see…”

The menu at the cafeteria was sold as follows: Choose a main dish and get soup and bread with it . And the main dish, the most important one, was almost always a steak .

However, there was a wide variety of meats, from cheap ones like Wolf and Horn Rabbit to more expensive ones like Orc and Rockbird meat .

“”This~””

“Black Sheep, huh . That’s meat we have never eaten before . ”

“”Yea!””

“Let’s go with this then . ——What would you guys like to eat?”

“Erm…”

I decided on the same meal as the twins and asked Kane-kun and his friends which one they wanted, but all five of them were too shy to order .

“I will choose myself then . Alright, let’s all have the same thing . ”

“””””Ehh!”””””

Black Sheep meat is cheaper than Orc meat, but it’s probably in the expensive variety for Kane-kun and others . And so, though they looked flustered, they didn’t complain .

And I ordered Evan-san and Scott-san Orc and Rockbird meat instead, as the short course fee .




Chapter 284

After the meal, we took a short break, and then the training resumed .

It looks like there will be a lot of swinging and plunging in the afternoon to familiarize our bodies more with the use of weapons . Then there’s also teaching Nina-chan and Fiona-chan the proper way to handle daggers since they will use them as sub-weapons .

Therefore, the instructor’s hands would be free for a while, so I decided to learn a different weapon .

“You are quick to learn, Takumi~”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah, people are not normally able to learn to use one weapon after another like this . ”

“I see~”

I tried using a bow, a large sword and even did hand-to-hand combat, all of which I quickly mastered .

I don’t know how long it takes other people to acquire the skills after learning the basics, but I seem to be on the faster side . Well, my body is special-made by a god, after all~

“Hey, Takumi . Let’s do some sparring . ”

“Sparring? Me and you, Evan-san?”

“Yep, yep . ”

While thinking about what to learn next, Evan-san proposed a sparring match .

“No, but I am no match for you when it comes to swords, Evan-san . ”

“I don’t think so, though . ”

“Nonono, you must be joking . ”

“It’s fine, it’s fine . I won’t use my beloved sword and use an ordinary one instead . ”

If Evan-san is not going to use his large sword and use a normal one, then… we could have more or less of an exchange, I guess? Nono, it would still be reckless to go for a bout with a professional swordsman .

“Please let me get used to the sword a little more before we spare . ”

“… Can’t be helped then~ Instead, please a request together with us the next time”

“Yeah, gladly . Let’s do that by all means . ”

We just met Evan-san and Scott-san today, but both seem to be good and easy to get along with so I would welcome going on a request with them very much .

“Alrighty then, let’s decide on the time . ”

“Yes, for sure . Ah, but the twins will be tagging along, are you okay with that?”

“Ou, no probs . ”

“Indeed, those kids won’t slow us down, right?”

“Yeah, you don’t have to worry about that . ”

I was very confident in that . I mean, I have not seen my kids run out of physical strength as of yet .

“Rather, the number of your turns to appear might be reduced to zero… are you fine with that?”

“… Eh?”

“Erm, what do you mean by that, Takumi-san?”

Evan-san and Scott-san didn’t seem to understand my meaning .

“Be it harvesting requests or subjugation requests, these kids will discover the objective faster than anyone and will head towards it at full speed when they do . Therefore, I always feel like their escort . ”

“Is that so? N~ I have no problems with that if the children aren’t forcing themselves, but… it’s unacceptable as an adult to get carried by children~ Scott, what do we do?”

“Let’s see . Have you ever received a joint request, Takumi-san?”

“Umm, we did a joint expedition with several parties before . But that was a request from the Guild for each party, so that might be a bit different, right?”

The joint expedition with the Knights that went on in the Gaya Forest was a request from the Adventurer’s Guild and the Knights Order . Therefore, we have never received a request with another person like this . Oh, no, there was a time when we accepted a request together with Raizel . But that time, it was as if Raizel came along with us on our request~

“I see . Let me teach you then . Whenever you plan to do a joint request of your own, make sure to negotiate about the rewards beforehand . ”

“The rewards?”

“Yes, the way to distribute the rewards . Take into account the number of people and differences in your abilities and decide on the reward distribution per party, generally 5:5 or 6:4 . If you don’t decide on that properly, you may have a dispute over it after finishing the request . Or rather, you will have a dispute . There are always people who will complain even if you decide beforehand, so make sure to be firm about it . ”

“I, I see…”

Scott-san seemed to be overly passionate about this, but it must be from experience, right? I guess it’s inevitable that things would get messy when money is involved .

“It got a bit lengthy but that’s about it, well… how about we split fifty-fifty this time?”

“Nono, even though there’s a little chance that they will be a burden, they are still kids so I’m sure they will get distracted and dart about, so it would be easier for me to work with you if our share was smaller…”

“I’m telling you it’s okay since we are the ones inviting you . ”

“No, but…”

“No need for buts . Look, let’s take as many requests as we can get and consider camping out . ”

“That is a good idea . ”

Evan-san and Scott-san were happily discussing various ideas . Well, since the requests are changing daily, we decided that we would go out tomorrow .

“Aight, we are about to finish . ”

“Yes, thank you very much . ”

“”Tank you very much~””

It was about to get dark, so the short course was coming to an end . After thanking the guild staff that was teaching us, Kane-kun and others approached us .

“Takumi-san, thank you so much for today!”

“”””Thank you so much!””””

It seems they came to thank me for letting them take the short course .

“You don’t have to mind it . Ah right, you will need fees for today’s inn . ”

“N, not at all! I did not come here to thank you with this kind of intention!”

“Don’t worry, I know . You can think of it as me being a whimsy . ”

It really was just a whim . If Kane-kun and others were conceited kids, I would end it by giving them simple advice because the Director made a request to me . To fulfill my promise, that is .

However, Kane-kun and others seem to be obedient and good kids, so I took care of them . Well, just a little bit .

“Let me be clear, it’s only for today, okay? Therefore, don’t get too spoiled . ”

I handed Kane-kun enough money for five so they could stay at the inn, and they left .

“Now then, we should go home as well . ”

“”Okay~””

I earned the Great Sword Swordsmanship, Spearmanship, Archery, and Hand-to-Hand Combat skills, and raised the proficiency of the Swordsmanship I had from before, too . Allen and Elena have also gotten quite used to using swords .

The harvest was pretty good, so when we returned to the Ruven mansion while pleased with myself, Rebecca-san was waiting for us with an angry expression on her face .

“Takumi-san, Allen-chan, Elena-chan!”

Rebecca-san vigorously approached us and touched the faces of me and the children .

“Are you okay? You are not injured, are you?”

She seemed to be checking for injuries .

“Y, yes, no injuries!”

“”None~””

“I was worried after hearing about you from Velio-san! Why did you not return home immediately!”

It appears that Rebecca-san heard from Velio-san that Bob picked a fight with us .

Even though she heard we were fine, she wanted to make sure with her own eyes that we were safe, so it seems she got angry because we didn’t return right away .

“I, I’m sorry . ”

I’m really sorry for taking the short course so carefreely .

“You can’t do anything so dangerous again! Promise me!”

“No, we did not really do anything dangerous, you know?”

“You hear me? Promise me!”

“Yes, we won’t do anything dangerous! I promise!”

“”Promise!””

I couldn’t say no to Rebecca-san’s terrifying menacing look .




Chapter 285

Today, we are going to take on a request with Evan-san and Scott-san’s adventuring party, the Steel Hawks . It seems that the Steel Hawks are a B-rank party, which makes them a higher rank than our C-rank party, the White Wings .

“How about Luminescent Mushrooms?”

“Oh, that sounds good . ”

“Indeed . How about this one as well?”

“That’s nice, too . ”

“”This one~?””

“Kraken material… Allen, Elena, let’s not do that one for now . ”

“”Can’t~? Then, this one~””

“Lemme see… Flare Tortoise? This one should be okay, I guess?”

“Right . I think that one is good . ”

“”Yay~””

After meeting at the Adventurer’s Guild, we first examined the requests on the request board . The plan was to get two requests for monster materials, and one for medicinal plants .

“Alright, it’s decided then . ”

“Let’s finish at the reception then . ”

“Alright . ”

“”We leaving~?””

“Yes, we are~ Allen, Elena, are you prepared?”

“”Yeah . ””

After we finished at the reception, we immediately left the town .

“Mountains or the coast, which direction to you want to go first?”

“Let’s see~ Let’s go to the mountains first and look for the Jumbo Elks and Luminescent Mushrooms . When we are done with that, we will go along the coast and look for the Flare Tortoises . ”

“That sounds good . ”

“”Mountains~ let’s go, let’s go!””

When we decided on the destination, Allen and Elena were ready to break into a run .

“Now, now! Allen, Elena, you can’t go on your own . ”

“”Ehh~””

“Come on, I will hold your hands . ”

It’s been a long time since I have held the hands of Allen and Elena, since they always run off when I’m not careful enough .

“”Ehehe~””

However, once we were holding hands, the children happily waved their hands back and forth .

“You get along so well~”

“Indeed . It’s heartwarming . ”

“I feel like we are going to let our guards down~ Isn’t that bad?”

“Let’s be careful . ”

Evan-san and Scott-san looked at each other with a smile but seemed to focus at the task at hand .

“”Ah . ””

“N? What is it?”

“Herbs found~”

“Will get it~”

The twins who found some herbs and wanted to go to pick them up .

“Takumi, you can let the kids loose . Right, Scott?”

“Yes, I don’t mind . ”

“Are you sure? These children love to move about a lot, you know?”

“As long as they don’t go somewhere and don’t return… that won’t happen, right?”

“You don’t have to worry about that . ”

If they get separated, I will be able to locate them . But I can’t imagine the children getting lost, you know?

“There’s no problem then . ”

“I will take you up on your offer then . Allen, Elena, you can go but don’t disappear from our sight, alright?”

“”Okayy~””

Evan-san and Scott-san gave their permission, so I let go of the children’s hands and they started running happily .

“It was a Lilie~”

“There was Clen, too~”

The children came back happily with the herbs they had collected in their hands .

“”There’s more~””

“So much in such a short time…”

“That’s amazing . I know you have warned us about it yourself, but I didn’t think it would be to this extent . ”

Evan-san and Scott-san were dumbfounded to see the children repeatedly picking up herbs and bringing them to me .

But so far, they have only collected herbs that are commonly found~

“”Ah!””

“Oh, have you found something again? What did you find this time?”

Evan-san’s gaze followed the children as they suddenly started to run, as if he was already getting used to it .

“Wait a moment! Evan, that!”

“Isn’t that a Horned Rabbit!”

Evan-san and Scott-san panicked because there was a monster in the direction the children were going .

“Evan!”

“Ou!”

“Ah~… those two will be alright . ”

“Even though Horned Rabbits are weak, they are still monsters, you know?”

Shortly after stopping, Evan-san ran to the children .

“”Yaa—””

“”……””

However, the Horned Rabbit was defeated by the children in no time .

Scott-san who stood beside me and Evan-san who stopped in place were stunned .

“”Defeated it~””

“Yeah, welcome back . ”

Allen and Elena came back, dragging the carcass of the Horned Rabbit along . Evan-san returned with them .

“Allen, Elena, Evan-san and Scott-san got startled, so announce when there are monsters nearby first . You can do it, right?”

“”Nniyu? Got it~?””

First of all, I told the kids to report any monsters they see and not run out immediately .

“I knew they had good motor nerves when I saw them practicing the sword, but… I didn’t think it was to this degree . They can move quite well . ”

“That was some brilliant kicking . ”

“”Ahem!””

Being praised by Evan-san and Scott-san, Allen and Elena puffed out their chests proudly .

“Which reminds me, I didn’t tell you about our fighting styles, did I? The children mainly use kicking techniques like the one earlier, and rest is water magic . I’m basically a mage, and I use wind magic the most . ”

“Right . As you can see, Evan uses the big sword on his back, and I use this sword . We are not very good at magic and the most we can do is some auxiliary spells, but Evan uses fire and I use water . ”

“I have been thinking this since before, but Evan-san’s sword is quite incredible, isn’t it?”

His sword was bigger than Allen and Elena . To swing a sword that large must take quite the muscle strength .

Well, I would be able to swing it too, but I would not be able to manipulate it and the sword would probably fly off somewhere with centrifugal force .

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan . ””

“N? What is it?”

“Wolves came~”

“We going . ”

While discussing our fighting styles, Allen and Elena informed me that monsters had appeared and charged towards them .

“It’s three Gray Wolves . ”

“Can we really take this so leisurely?”

“It shouldn’t be a problem . ”

In no time at all, Allen and Elena reached the Gray Wolves and easily defeated them .

“You weren’t joking or using a metaphor when you said we would have no turn to show up, you really meant it . ”

“That’s right . ”

Evan-san let out a big sigh as he remembered what I had said when we were talking about taking on a request together during the weapons course .

“Takumi-san, how well do you think those kids can actually fight?”

“I don’t think they should have any problems dealing with a large pack of Gray Wolves?”

“… No problems with a pack of D-ranked Gray Wolves, huh . Is their adventurer rank being purposely restrained then?”

“Yes, they are still children, after all . ”

It is already very rare to have a D-rank at Allen and Elena’s age . A rank even higher would make them stand out too much .

“It would be for the best to let them stay at F-rank because we use the Adventurer’s Card as a substitute for identification papers, but we wouldn’t be able to accept higher ranked requests then, so that’s why they are D-rankers . ”

“Ah, I see . ”

While we were talking about the children’s abilities and ranks, they came back, dragging three gray wolves with them .

“”Onii~ chan, is this delish?””

“N? N~ I guess it should be slightly tastier than common Wolf meat?”

“”Then, is normal~?””

“… Well, yes . I guess it’s normal . ”

“”I see~ How unfortunate~””

Allen and Elena were a bit dejected .

“You won’t eat it then? We can just sell it . ”

“”Selling meat is no-no~””

My kids are growing up to be good eaters, so they never want to sell their food… especially meat~




Chapter 286

Massive amounts, once again . 

“”Ah!””

“Allen, Elena, what is it?”

“Wait a moment~”

“Just a little~”

As we were walking up the mountain, Allen and Elena suddenly walked into the bushes on the side of the road .

“What? What’s going on?”

Evan, who was ahead of us, turned around and asked us what was going on .

“Sorry about that . It seems they have found something…”

“Haha, you don’t have to make such an apologetic face, Takumi . ”

“That’s right . I have had a lot of interesting experiences with those kids . Please let them do as they please . ”

I’m really grateful that Evan-san and Scott-san are such generous people .

Normally, people would have gotten angry or disgruntled with us if we kept getting sidetracked like this, but they didn’t seem to be . They really seemed to be enjoying the unpredictable behavior of the kids .

“Onii~ chan!”

“There were so many~”

In the meantime, Allen and Elena seemed to have returned . Well, I couldn’t see their figures yet, just their voices . Still… I wonder what they mean by “there were so many”?

“””Whoah!”””

When I saw the returning children, it was not only me but also Evan-san and Scott-san who shouted in surprise .

They had brought back a total of six Pastel Rabbits, one on each arm and one on top of their heads .

“… Again?”

“Again!?”

“Takumi-san, wait a moment . By ‘again’ you mean that this had happened before!?”

Evan-san and Scott-san did not let my unintentional comment go unheard .

“Yes, well…”

We have encountered a large number of Pastel Rabbits once… no, twice before, so this will be the third time?

“Allen, Elena, what’s up with these Pastel Rabbits?”

“”Erm, you see… that! Um, guardian!”

“… A guardian . ”

Where did they learn those words…

“Then, what? Do you want to look for owners in the Guild again?”

“”That!””

“But you won’t know what kind of people the owners are like that, you know?”

They might be “guarded” if they can go to someone who will take good care of them, but they won’t be safe if they get a bad owner .

The first time, I asked Mathias-san to take them to someone he knew, so I’m sure they are all well cared for . The second time, however, Allen and Elena picked the owners from request forms, so I don’t know how the Pastel Rabbits are faring .

“Is fine!”

“Will choose properly!”

Allen and Elena were brimming with confidence .

I wonder if their intuition is working on the request forms too? You can’t look down on the intuition of my children, so it should be fine, I guess?

“Well, as long as the Pastel Rabbits are okay with that . ”

I took out a large basket, and Allen and Elena put the Pastel Rabbits in it as if they were already used to it .

“”Nonono!””

“Takumi, for real, wait!”

“That’s right . Takumi-san, please explain properly . ”

Evan-san and Scott-san were looking for an explanation .

“Pastel Rabbits are extremely weak, as you might know . ”

“Yeah, indeed . ”

“Yes, but they excel at sensing danger, so they are monsters that can’t be caught easily even if you try your hardest . ”

That’s right . That is the common knowledge about Pastel Rabbits . However——

“It seems that they sense the danger from your stare when you try to catch them and escape . But for some reason, they will approach you instead if you don’t have any intentions of catching them . ”

“”No way!””

“It’s actually like that . Even now, although they are in a basket, the basket is fully open so they could escape as long as they wanted to, but they haven’t, right?”

“… They really haven’t escaped . ”

“… Yeah, it’s like a lie . ”

They seemed to be in disbelief at my explanation, but when they saw the Pastel Rabbits in the basket, they were stunned for a while .

“Here you go . ”

I lifted two Pastel Rabbits from the basket and handed one to Evan-san and one to Scott-san . The two timidly patted the Pastel Rabbits .

“Whoah, how amiable~”

“Yeah, I heard they get quite affectionate when raised with love, but they shouldn’t act like this right from the start . ”

“Isn’t that because they were frightened from when they were caught?”

If it was after being forcibly captured, they would have been frightened for sure . After that, they would slowly, and I mean slowly let their guards down .

“Nevertheless, every action you guys take is full of surprises~”

“Truly . A half a day hasn’t even passed yet and I got already surprised so many times . ”

“I can only count the times we have been surprised for now, but the number is definitely going to increase so it’s actually useless to count, no?”

“That’s possible . ”

I would like to say that it was the children who were giving surprises until now, and not me… but there’s no guarantee that I won’t do anything beyond this point . Yep, let’s keep quiet .

“”Ah!””

Allen and Elena found something again and started running .

“Oh, what did they find this time?”

“It seems to be some herbs . ”

Evan-san and Scott-san started to look forward to what the children were going to bring next .

“”There were more~””

When they came back, Allen and Elena brought another three Pastel Rabbits with them . This is nine in total .

“Again!?”

“You normally don’t find these so readily, right!”

Evan-san and Scott-san let out words of disbelief .

“”Also~””

“There were also . ”

“A mushroom~”

In addition, what Allen and Elena presented me was a Luminescent Mushroom that was the object of this request .

“Oh, that’s a Luminescent Mushroom . ”

“What!? Oi, oi, oi! The sun is still up in the sky, ya know!?”

“No, they are only easier to find during the night, so it’s not like you can harvest them during the day . It’s not impossible, but… they shouldn’t be this easy to find, right?”

Evan-san and Scott-san now sounded dumbfounded .

Luminescent Mushrooms, as the name implies, glow slightly at night . However, they grow in places where it’s difficult to find them, such as in the shade of trees, so even though they glow slightly, they are hard to see .

And yet, Allen and Elena had found a mushroom that was not even glowing .

“You did well finding it~”

“”These children did~””

“Oh, the mushroom was just where the Pastel Rabbits rested?”

“”Yeah!””

It seems to have been a coincidence . But, what a good luck~

“Did you pick it up knowing it was a Luminescent Mushroom?”

“”Yea!””

“You did well remembering its characteristics~ how admirable, how admirable!”

“”Ehehe~””

It’s a mushroom that has very few unique traits when it doesn’t glow .

So, if you want to collect them during daytime, you need to remember the very few characteristics the mushroom has . And it seems that the children didn’t pick it up simply because it was a mushroom but because they properly remembered its characteristics .

“These kids are dangerous . ”

“Yes, truly . Evan, just like Takumi-san said, it doesn’t seem like we will have a turn to show up . ”

“That really is not good . ”

“Yes, let’s re-focus now . ”

“Ou . ”

Evan-san and Scott-san were whispering to each other, and fired themselves up .




Chapter 287

“……”

“Scott, what’s the matter?”

“Oh, I was just fascinated by what the kids were picking, Duskweed.”

“Eh, Duskweed!? Even I know that one! Isn’t that a kind of a rare herb!?”

“Exactly that.”

Scott-san looked on in amazement and Evan-san stared in disbelief at the children who had found and were picking the rare herb.

“Onii~ chan!”

“Over there, over there!”

“”There is a shining one~””

“Eh, a Brightweed? You found something amazing again~”

“”……”

Brightweed is also a rare herb. I’m sure it’s not something that can be found easily, but it can’t resist my kids!

And then Evan-san and Scott-san fell silent.

“”Ah! That!””

Allen and Elena were the first to discover the Jumbo Elk that was the object of the next request.

“Oh, it’s the Jumbo Elk.”

“Evan, we need the antlers and hide to complete the request so make sure not to scratch it.”

“I know.——Uh, oi!?”

While Evan-san and Scott-san were carefully discussing the matter, Allen and Elena were running towards it.

“Oi, wait a moment!”

“”Yah~””

Evan-san chased after the children in panic.

“Leave that one for me!”

“”Eh~~~””

“I beg you.”

“”Muu.””

Evan-san earnestly pleaded with the twins. While running.

“I will play with you later! Okay?”

“”N~ alright.””

Allen and Elena stopped running and halted in place.

It appears that they yielded the prey for playtime.

“Haaah—!”

Evan-san drew his greatsword while sprinting towards the Jumbo Elk. And then, when he swung it, the elk’s head cleanly fell to the ground. In a single slash.

“”Ohh~””

“Amazing!”

What a splendid attack that targeted the weak spot precisely.

“Good work, Evan.”

“Alright, two of our requests are completed with this.”

“It was quite incredible how you targeted the neck with that great sword.”

“Well, that’s thanks to practice and experience.”

Practice and experience, huh~ Well, those are important points, after all.

“Then, I will promptly dismantle it, so wait for a moment.”

As Evan-san began to dismantle the Jumbo Ek, Allen and Elena approached and observed nearby.

“Scott-san, what do we do now? Do we move to the coast as planned?”

“Let’s see~ There’s no need to hurry, so why don’t we go to the place where Luminescent Mushrooms can be harvested as planned? How about it?”

“I’m fine with that.——Allen, Elena, we will continue on the mountain, are you fine with that?”

“”Fine with it~””

“Evan, you don’t mind it either, right?”

“Oh~”

The children and Evan agreed, so after the dismantling of the Jumbo Elk, we proceeded further into the forest.

“”Nniyu?””

Then Allen and Elena seemed to have found something again and suddenly plunged deeper into the bushes.

“I wonder what they found this time.”

“I don’t feel any monster presence, so probably a herb?”

Evan and Scott started to guess what the kids had found. They were getting used to the children’s behavior.

Scott-san was right, there were no signs of monsters in the vicinity, so I decided to wait and not chase after them.

“”Look, look! It’s shining~”

“””!!”””

A few moments later, the kids came back, and I, Evan-san, and Scott-san were amazed at what they were holding.

“W, wait a minute! T, that’s Crystal Elk’s antlers!?”

“W, where did you get that!?”

“”Received~””

“”Hah!?”

I’m curious about the antlers too, but there’s something I have to confirm before that.

“Allen, Elena, you came across a Crystal Elk? Since you have received it, that means you didn’t hunt it down or hurt it, right?”

“”Didn’t~””

“I see, that’s good. You mustn’t hurt the Crystal Elk no matter what, okay?”

“”Okay, got it~””

The Crystal Elk is a pure white deer with crystal-like antlers. The antlers can be used to make medicine, and for a time, they were overhunted and threatened with extinction.

The medicine made from them is for physical deficiencies in the body… it’s a magic potion that enables regrowth of body parts, and the material is irreplaceable. This is why killing or hurting the Crystal Elk is banned nationwide. The antlers grow back periodically, so they don’t have to be killed to obtain them. Preservation of the species takes priority.

So, although the Crystal Elk is a monster, it is categorized as a sacred beast. There are also unicorns that have horns with purifying effects.

“”Onii~ chan, here!””

Allen and Elena presented me with the crystal antlers they were holding in their hands.

“This is something that would definitely cause a stir if sold, right?”

“Of course!?”

“Yes, selling it to the Guild would also be a problem.”

I thought so. If I need to sell it, then it would be better to sell it to the country… Tristan-sama. Or rather, it’s a desirable item, so I could sell it in the Capital, when we go back for Wald-sama’s wedding.

“Then, I will take it upon myself to sell it and then I will give you the half when it’s done.”

“”Nonono!””

“What are you saying, Takumi?”

“That’s right. Why do we have to receive a part of the fee!?

“I mean, we are supposed to sell what we get during the request and split the total amount, right?

“”t’s a cooperative effort. You can’t count the monsters, herbs, and pastel rabbits that the kids killed on their own. If you include them in your account, we’ll have nothing to show for it.

“”Nonono!””

“What are you doing, Takumi?”

“Right. why do we have to receive remuneration for that!?”

“No, but we are supposed to sell what we get during the request and split the total amount, right?”

This is what Scott-san explained to me after he gave me a weapons course. He said that basically, you have to sell the monsters and herbs that you defeat along the way and divide the total amount along with the reward.

“This is cooperation. You can’t count the monster, herbs, and Pastel Rabbits that the kids defeated. If you do, we won’t be able to look straight. “

“Yeah, yeah!”

“Eh~ wasn’t it you who taught me that we should fundamentally decide on the rates beforehand, Scott-san? We have decided to split it 50-50, but you are going to change that?”

It was originally to prevent us from trying to increase our own rewards, is what Scott-san was saying and it’s not bad for us, so I don’t need to argue with him…I kind of argued with him, though.

“You said ‘fundamentally’! This is not something fundamental!”

“Ehh~”

“Takumi-san, you are totally having fun on your own, right?”

“Eh, did I get exposed just now?

While I was happily talking with Scott-san, Allen and Elena tugged at the hem of my shirt.

“”Hey, hey ,Onii~ chan.””

“What is it?”

“”That~””

“N?——A Crystal Elk!?”

Before I knew it, there was a Crystal Elk in the direction Allen and Elena were pointing.




Chapter 288

“Whoah, for real?”

“… It’s the real thing?”

I was quite surprised myself, but Evan-san and Scott-san were even more surprised than me as they stopped moving, aghast.

“Ah~ but, I see…”

Come to think of it, Allen and Elena said they received the antlers. Then it’s no wonder the Crystal Elk was nearby~

“”Onii~ chan, says we should come over~””

“Go… you mean the Crystal Elk said that?”

“”Yeah, that! Let’s go!”

With that, the kids pulled me by the hand and we approached the Crystal Elk.

“Hello.”

“Ku~”

They brought me to the side of the Crystal Elk, but I didn’t know what to do, so I just greeted it… and it replied.

We can communicate normally it seems. Probably.

“Erm… the children returned with antlers, but can we really take them?”

“Ku~”

“We will put it to good use.”

The Crystal Elk squealed and nodded.

Even though it’s a sacred beast, it’s still a wild creature, but it seems to have a pretty docile personality.

“”What is it~?””

“Ku~ ku~”

Allen and Elena hugged the Crystal Elk innocently.

“”I see, I see. Is that so~””

“……”

I wonder if my kids… holding a conversation with the Crystal Elk? It’s doesn’t feel like a simple mutual understanding~

My children are the children of a God, so they can talk to the sacred beasts, I guess?

“Onii~ chan.”

“Over there~”

“What’s over there?”

“Let’s go.”

“Together~”

As soon as the children said that, the Crystal Elk started walking, as if it had been waiting for us to follow it.

And before I noticed, the twins were on its back.

After the gryphon, is the Crystal Elk also kidnapping you guys?

“Oi~ do we have to follow?”

“”Yeah!””

“… I see.”

Allen and Elena beckoned while turning around.

“Evan-san, Scott-san, you——”

“No problem, Takumi. Go ahead.”

“We will follow from a distance.”

I called out to Evan-san and Scott-san to try to get their approval to follow the Crystal Elk, but when I called their names, they gave me their approval with wry smiles.

“Nono, why follow at a distance? We should just go together.”

“”Impossible.””

“……”

They both rejected me at the same time. Their voices overlapped almost flawlessly.

“”Onii~ chan, quickly~””

“Yes, yes~”

I looked at Evan-san and Scott-san again to make sure they were okay, but they both waved at me smiling. It’s almost as if they were saying, “Have a nice trip.”

I knew there was nothing more I could say, so I ran over to the kids and the Crystal Elk.

“And so, where are we going?”

“”N, you see~ a little further?””

The kids seemed to be conversing with it, but they didn’t seem to know where we were going.

“You are not bringing us anywhere dangerous, right?”

“Ku~”

“”Says it’s fine.””

I was assured that there was no danger, so the Crystal Elk quietly led us deeper into the mountains.

“Ku~”

“”Here?——Onii~ chan, we arrived!””

The place we arrived at was a canyon with a narrow river running through it.

“”Oh, friends~””

“Whoah, you are right.”

There were other Crystal Elks in the canyon beside the one that had led us to them!

“Could this be a habitat? Eh? Are you sure you want to bring us to such an important place!?”

We won’t hunt the Crystal Elks, but this is not the place to bring humans!

“Ku~”

“Whaoh, what the hell is this!”

“”Ohh~ so many!””

In addition, there was numerous Crystal Elk antlers lying around where the Crystal Elk indicated!

“”Giving us~?””

“Ku~”

“”Thank you!””

“No, wait! Seriously, wait for a moment!”

My thought process couldn’t keep up.

“”Are moving?””

“Ku~, ku~”

“”I see~””

Despite my confusion, the exchange between the children and the Crystal Elk continued.

Allen and Elena told me that the Crystal Elks were planning to move their habitat to another place, so they were going to give us, who were nearby, their antlers.

The Crystal Elk seem to know that their antlers are valuable and don’t want to give them to untactful people… that’s quite specific, isn’t it!?

“”Onii~ chan, isn’t that good!”

“Oh, well~… we can’t receive all of this, can we…”

I would feel awkward saying, “Yes, thank you.” and take this much stuff.

“”Can’t~?”

“Ku~?”

“……”

When I hesitated, the children and the Crystal Elk all tilted their heads.

And even the other Crystal Elk around me were tilting their heads!

“… It’s not like we can’t take it, but.”

“”Then, we take it!””

“Eh?”

Because I couldn’t refuse wholeheartedly, Allen and Elena started picking up the antlers and handing them to me.

“Here!”

“There!”

“Wait!!”

“This one too!”

“And this one!”

I shouldn’t have accepted the first one as quickly as I did.

Allen and Elena continued to mercilessly stuff my arms with the antlers.

“Whoa, wait a minute, both of you! I can’t hold anymore!”

“Put it away, put it away!”

“There’s still more!”

I quietly stored the Crystal Elk antlers in the Infinite Storage.

Should I have it distributed to all countries through Tristan-sama? The kings of each country seem to be good monarchs nowadays.

“Thank you. I appreciate it.”

“Ku~”

When I said my thank you again, the Crystal Elk nodded in satisfaction.

“”Byebye~””

After receiving a large number of antlers, we left the Crystal Elk’s habitat and searched for a suitable place to camp before nightfall. It was a good thing that we were so close to where the Luminescent Mushrooms grew.

“I’m super tired~”

“Likewise.”

And as soon as we found a good spot and settled down, Evan-san and Scott-san hung their heads in total exhaustion.




Chapter 289

With Evan-san’s and Scott-san’s consent, the kids and I are going to prepare dinner.

“Now then, what shall we do for dinner?”

“”N, you see~…””

I wanted to make sure that Evan-san and Scott-san had a good meal, since they had gone through so much trouble.

“Allen wants to eat curry!”

“Elena too! With lots of meat and veggies!”

“Curry, huh. Sure. But not with rice but bread.”

“”Yeah, love bread too!””

I decided not to make curry rice here.

No one who I have offered the White Wheat has never refused to eat it before, but now that Evan-san and Scott-san are looking tired, I don’t want to scare them.

“Let’s get cooking then.”

“Big meat~”

“Big veggies too~”

“Roger that. Are you fine with Orc meat?”

“”Yea!””

As requested by the children, I made a curry with large pieces of meat and vegetables.

“What a mouthwatering fragrance. Is this the thing that Fiji Company recently started selling… curry, was it? Are you cooking with that?”

“Yes, that’s correct.”

When the curry was about to be done, Evan-san came up to me.

It seems that curry powder is steadily gaining fame through the Fiji Company.

“Alright, I’m going to let the curry cook for a little longer. Next, we do a salad.”

“”Onii~ chan, a sauce~?””

“You mean a dressing.”

“”That! Are we making dressing too~?””

“Let’s do it~ which one do you want?”

“”Green onion~!””

“Alright.”

When the salad was ready, the curry was cooked to perfection, so we decided to eat it right away.

“This is yours, and this is yours.”

“”Yay~””

“Evan-san and Scott-san too, here you go.”

“It looks delicious~”

“It looks very tasty. It’s like a soup that’s not a soup, huh.”

When I handed out the curry on a deep plate, the raw vegetable salad with green onion dressing, the white bread, and the newly-created cheese bread, not only the children but also Evan-san and Scott-san looked excited.

And when they started eating, everyone proceeded to eat in silence.

“Takumi! All of it was delicious!”

“It truly is. It’s amazing to see Evan eat vegetables.”

“The sauce on this salad makes it delicious! I can eat it with that on it!”

… Evan-san apparently hates vegetables.

“My children disliked eating salads before I started using dressing too, so…”

“Then, Evan is a child.”

“But this is grass, ya know! Why would you eat it when it has no taste!”

Grass, he said… well, most of the vegetables used in salads are leafy ones.

“Takumi-san, you call the sauce on the salad a dressing?”

“Yes, that’s correct. This is a stir-fried green onion mixed with flavorings such as soy sauce, vinegar, and oil.”

“Is that so? Rather, was it okay to tell us? Isn’t this a secret recipe or something?”

“A secret recipe!? No way, it’s nothing like that! It’s just some flavorings mixed together.”

“Is that so? If it tastes this good, it will be a big hit at the restaurants. What do you think?”

What do I think? Is he asking me to open a restaurant?

“I don’t plan to open a restaurant. If you want the recipe, I can give it to you, so you can open it yourself or have it made at the inn where you are staying.”

“… Takumi-san, you shouldn’t hand your recipes to other people so readily.”

“I only give them to people I am close with.”

“Normally, you shouldn’t give them so readily to people you are close with either.”

“I’m not normal then.”

“……”

I didn’t mean to give away the recipe so easily, but I decided to act defiantly. Then, Scott-san was lost for words.

“So, do you want the recipe?”

“Please.”

“Fufu, alright.”

When I looked at Scott-san with a grin, he bowed deeply as if to say, “I lost,” so I gladly agreed. I will write down the recipe on a piece of paper later.

“Takumi, do you have any more bread with curry and cheese?”

“I do. Do you want more?”

“Please!”

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

“Alright, alright.”

While Scott-san and I were talking, the kids and Evan-san who were eating at their own pace and were asking for more.

“This is my first time seeing this kind of bread, did you make it yourself, Takumi?”

“Well, yes. But I think they should be selling it soon at the bakery next to the Adventurer’s Guild.”

It’s a different bakery from the one we made it in, but Rebecca-san said she would make sure the bakery by the Guild sells it too, so I’m sure they already have it.

“The store where they sell the cream bread and stuff! They have been adding all kinds of bread lately, so it’s nice to be able to choose depending on your mood on the day!”

It seems that they are regular customers there.

“If you are fine with sweets, would you like a dessert after dinner?”

“”Want!””

When I asked Evan-san and Scott-san, the kids responded cheerfully instead, but Evan-san and Scott-san also looked at me with expectations in their eyes, so I decided to take out a chilled milk pudding to refresh their mouths.

After a short post-dinner break, it started getting dark, so we took a walk in search of the Luminescent Mushrooms for some light exercise.

“”N~ maybe over there~——Ah!””

When Allen and Elena decided on the direction to walk,

“There!”

“It is!”

Then, the children found a place with a slight glow.

“”There’s so many~!””

“Oh, it’s a cluster of Luminescent Mushrooms.”

Allen and Elena ran off to collect the Luminescent Mushrooms right away.

“… They found it so easily~”

“… Indeed. Moreover, it was not just two or three, but a whole cluster.”

Evan-san and Scott-san, who had come for a walk with us, let out a big sigh.

“They were lucky~ The cluster was visible from a distance because of the glow.”

Individual Luminescent Mushrooms can be difficult to find hidden behind trees, but we found them in a cluster, so they were very easy to spot.

“Lucky? Do we end it at that?”

“Let’s stop here. You will get only tired by thinking about it deeply.”

“Indeed.——Then, let’s not leave it only to the kids and search for some ourselves.”

“Yes, let’s do that.”

Evan-san and Scott-san had already started collecting, so I started collecting Luminescent Mushrooms too.

“”Onii~ chan, look~””

“N~?”

“”We found~””

“Moonlight Moss and.”

“Evening Primrose too.”

“Ohh, you found something good!”

Moonlight Moss and Evening Primrose are both medicinal herbs that can only be gathered on moonlit nights.

The children are doing really well today.

“”We picked so many~””

“Truly.”

After collecting various medicinal herbs in addition to the Luminescent Mushrooms, Moonlight Moss, and Evening Primrose, we returned to the campsite in a good mood.

Evan-san and Scott-san were going to take the first half of the watch, so I wrapped the kids in blankets and went to sleep early.




Chapter 290

The next day, when it was still dark, I took over the watch for Evan-san and Scott-san, and I stood idly by, keeping an eye on the surroundings. And when it was getting bright, I started making breakfast and sandwiches for lunch while I was at it.

“”Uniyu~””

“Good morning.”

“”Good morning~ Smells nice~””

The children woke up while I was feeding the Pastel Rabbits.

They seemed to have noticed that I was making breakfast as they were sniffing while rubbing their eyes.

“Looks delish~”

“Breakfast?”

“We have soup and white bread for breakfast.”

“”And the sandwiches~?””

“They are for lunch.”

“”Ehh~””

The kinds of sandwiches I made were lettuce, ham and cheese sandwiches, egg sandwiches, tuna mayo sandwiches, potato salad sandwiches, pork cutlet sandwiches and teriyaki sandwiches. In addition to these, I made sets of all the fruit sandwiches, one with fresh cream and Ichi fruit, the other with custard and Nana fruit, and cut them in half to make a set for one person. Oh, and Allen and Elena’s were cut in half one more time into quarters.

Perhaps because the sandwiches looked more luxurious if only in appearance, the children made disappointed noises.

“You don’t want to eat milky soup with lots of seafood?”

“”Want~””

“Then, let’s have that for breakfast.”

“”Alright~””

When I showed them a pot of clam chowder-style soup filled with shellfish, squid, cabbage, and green onion, they quickly changed their minds so I put the sandwiches away in the Infinite Storage.

“… ‘morning~”

“Good morning.”

“”Good morning~””

Just as the kids showed satisfaction, Evan-san and Scott-san woke up.

“Good morning. It’s still a bit early, you know?”

“I was awakened by a nice fragrance.”

“Eh? Fragrance? S, sorry about that.”

“No worries, I’m sure you were making breakfast for us, right? As Evan said, it smells really nice.”

The smell was apparently so pervasive that it disturbed their rest.

“It’s done already, would you like to eat right away?”

“Ou!”

“I would like to.”

It can’t be helped if I woke them up. It was a bit early, but since both Evan-san and Scott-san seemed like people who would be able to eat even in their sleep, I decided to have breakfast right away.

“”N~~~””

“Yummy!”

“It’s delicious!”

I thought the soup would be well-received so I made a lot of it, but the pot was completely emptied.

“Ah~ I might have overeaten a bit~ Perhaps I should warm up a little to help with digestion. Pipsqueaks, wanna swing swords for a little?”

“”Wanna!””

Evan-san invited the children to join him for some post-meal exercise, and they stood up with great joy.

“Evan, we will be traveling after this, so do it in moderation.”

“I know that.”

Despite Scott-san’s warning, the exercise had gone beyond warming up and was about to become a full-fledged exercise, so we hurriedly stopped them and began to move toward the beach in search of Flare Tortoise.

“”Tortoise♪ Tortoise♪ Where are you~♪””

“How peaceful~”

“Indeed~”

Evan-san and Scott-san softened up when they saw the children skipping happily while singing.

“”Onii~ chan, where might the Flare Toast be~””

“”Buh!””

“”Nniyu?””

Hearing the twins’ words, Evan-san and Scott-san burst out laughing.

And seeing their reactions, Allen and Elena tilted their heads puzzledly.

“… Allen, Elena, did you do it on purpose?”

“”Nniyu?””

“You said it correctly while singing, but just now, you said Flare Toast instead.”

“”Huhh~?””

Allen and Elena each tilted their heads to different sides and thought back.

It seems it wasn’t on purpose.

“”I made a mistake!””

The two stuck out their tongues and smiled in deceit. Their smiles were so suitable for “Tehee” SFX to appear around them.

“I thought so. It wasn’t because you wanted to eat a toast, was it?”

“”I want sandwich~””

“Haha, I see.”

“”Yeah, let’s eat~””

Allen and Elena patted their bellies while smiling.

“It’s still too early for a meal.”

“”Ehehe~””

“You knew that though, right?”

“”Yeah, just tried~””

“Geez~”

I feel that they have started saying some cunning things recently. Is this a growth too?

“Let’s have lunch after we get to the beach.”

“”Let’s run then~””

“Eh!? Wait a moment!”

As soon as they heard that lunch would be served when we got to the beach, the kids started running to get to the beach as soon as possible.

“Evan-san, Scott-san, sorry! I will be going on ahead.”

“It’s fine, we will go too.”

“Right.”

I start running, calling out back to Evan-san and Scott-san, and they start running after me.

“They are not going to stop until they reach the beach at this rate. Are you okay with that?”

“Oi, oi, don’t take us lightly. Running to the beach is just a light exercise.”

“Yes, no problem here.”

Allen and Elena seriously run until they reached the beach.

“”Arrived~””

“Hey~ now~ Don’t be acting on your own!”

“”Uniyuniyuniyu~””

I covered the children’s faces with my palms, pinching their cheeks between my fingers and rubbing them hard.

“First of all, you should apologize to Evan-san and Scott-san for the trouble you caused them!”

“”Okay~——I’m sorry~””

“It’s fine.”

“We accept your apology.”

When Allen and Elena apologized honestly, Evan-san and Scott-san were willing to forgive them.

“Haha, looking at them now, they seem like normal kids.”

“Indeed. But this makes me feel relieved instead.”

“Ah, I agree with that.”

Rather than forgiving, they seemed to be more relieved.

“… Haah~”

That’s right~ It’s just that Allen and Elena are too good at everything, but normal kids should be selfish and behave in selfish ways~

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan.”

Allen and Elena called out to me while pulling on my clothes.

“N? What is it?”

“”Onii~ chan, I’m sorry~””

The twins apologized to me. I let out a sigh and showed a bit of dejection.

“”Are you angry?””

“I’m not angry.”

They looked up at me anxiously, so I patted their heads.

“B-u-t~ it’s fine when it’s just me with you, but you cannot do this when we have other people with us! Make sure not to do this the next time, understand!”

“”Yes!””

I wasn’t angry, but I gave them a firm warning, and they responded with a firm salute.

“Alright, good answer!——Then, Evan-san, Scott-san, it’s a bit early, but are you fine with taking a lunch break now?”

“Sure thing.”

“I don’t mind either.”

“”Yay~ Sandwich!””

The kids were delighted as they ran to eat their sandwiches as fast as they could.

After eating, we easily found and defeated the Flare Tortoise. Having achieved our goal, we headed back to the city.




Chapter 291

When we returned to the town, we attracted a lot of attention on the way from the gate to the Adventurer’s Guild. The reason being that there were nine Pastel Rabbits on the heads and in the arms of the children.

(……)

As soon as we entered the Adventurer’s Guild, the noisy place became quiet.

“So it turned out like this, after all~”

“Indeed. It was within my expectations, but…”

Evan-san and Scott-san let out a sigh.

“Evan! Scott!”

“N? Oh, it’s you, Old man.”

“Meredith-san, what is the matter?”

“What is the matter, you ask… I want to ask that! They are your companions, right!? Why are they like that!”

An adventurer who seemed to be an acquaintance of Evan-san and Scott-san approached us, as he apparently couldn’t overlook Allen and Elena.

“”Muu! You shouldn’t point your finger!””

As I often warn the children about this, they warned the other party about his pointing finger too.

“S, sorry.”

“It’s okay~””

I’m not sure if it’s because Allen and Elena warned him so vigorously, but the adventurer, Meredith-san, apologized honestly. Or rather, he seemed to be a bit overwhelmed?

Seeing him like that, the twins quickly forgave him and smiled.

“Old man, were you asking about the Pastel Rabbits?”

“Yeah, right. I have been looking for them for a period of time as well, but never found any. That’s why I concluded that there weren’t any in the area. Despite that, what the hell is this!?”

“What’s up, Old man? Are you in a debt or something? Is that why you were aiming for the big bucks?”

“Of course not. I complete requests steadily every day, I lead a simple and modest life! It’s because my daughter wanted one that I picked up some requests to search for them!”

“Ahh, come to think of it, you have a wife and children. I forgot.”

“Don’t forget that!”

It seemed that Meredith-san was looking for a Pastel Rabbit for his daughter.

Evan-san seemed to be very close to Meredith-san.

“Umm… Evan-san?”

“Ah, sorry. Takumi, this old man is Meredith, an adventurer in this town. We occasionally drink together.”

“Heeh~ so you are drinking friends?——Hello, nice to meet you, I’m Takumi. These children are Allen and Elena.”

“”Best regards~””

“O, ou, I’m Meredith.”

I interrupted Evan-san’s conversation to say hello and quickly asked what Meredith-san wanted.

“So, Meredith-san, you want a Pastel Rabbit?”

“I certainly do want one, but I don’t have enough money to get one for ourselves unless I complete a Pastel Rabbit request. That’s why I thought of asking you for a place where I could find them.”

A request for capturing a Pastel Rabbit requires quite a lot of cash, so it’s really only the wealthy who issue them.

“Ahh, so it’s like that. I don’t mind telling you about the place, but…”

“”Nniyu?””

I observed Meredith-san carefully and then looked at the twins.

“N~ it’s okay? Then, wait for a moment please. No, please come with us.”

Since he is a good friend of Evan-san and Scott-san and the children were not at all wary of him, I asked Meredith-san to accompany us to the reception desk.

“Excuse me. Could you collect all the requests for Pastel Rabbits?”

“Sure, please wait a moment.”

I asked the young lady at the reception desk, who was vacant, to collect the request forms for me, and she gladly accepted.

“Thank you for your patience. There are thirty-four requests in total.”

Moreover, she worked quickly and came back with the request forms.

“Thirty-four!? That’s quite a lot~ Ah, can you create a request for us? The client is Meredith-san here, the contents of the request is Pastel Rabbit capture, and the reward money is the least amount possible.”

“O, oi, what is this about?”

“Why don’t you try your luck?”

“My luck?”

“Yeah, anyhow, please create the request.”

“O, ou…”

In response to my insistent attitude, Meredith-san started to write the request form as he was told.

In the meantime, I briefly checked the request forms, and there seemed to be no particular problems.

“What are you starting, Takumi-san?”

“There are many requests for the Pastel Rabbits, so the children are going to choose which ones to accept.”

“N? You would normally pick the ones that give the biggest rewards, right?”

“That’s normally the case, but in our case, we have to choose clients who are going to love the Pastel Rabbits properly.”

“You won’t be able to tell what kind of owners the clients will be just from the request forms though, no?”

Evan-san and Scott-san were very curious about what we were about to do.

“Yes, that’s right, but… my children are very good at drawing.”

“… Ah, right.”

“… I see. It’s no exaggeration to say that.”

Both of them looked a distant look on their faces after hearing my words.

It seems that they were able to realize this after working together for two days.

“I’m done.”

“Thank you very much.——Then, Evan-san, could you please shuffle the requests a bit?”

“I will do that then. Roger that.”

As Meredith-san’s request form seems to be ready, I ask Evan-san to shuffle the request forms.

“Is this enough?”

“Yes, thank you. Scott-san, could you please turn the request forms over and line them up on the counter? Oh, and if you could, I would appreciate it if you could space them out a bit by ten pieces for clarity.”

“Understood.”

Then, I had the request forms lined up on the counter and everything was ready.

“Okay, starting from the left, there’s thirty-five in total. Allen, Elena, are you ready?”

“”Yeah!””

“Then you pick nine in total. What’s the first number…?”

“”Eighteen!””

The children shouted a number in unison.

“So you meant this by drawing! Eighteen… this is the one. What! Seriously!?”

Evan pulled out the eighteenth request form and flipped it over, giving me a shocked look.

“This is the Old man’s request!”

“Oh my?”

“Eh?”

“What!?”

It seems that they chose Meredith-sans request form first.

Scott-san and I were surprised, but Meredith-san was the most surprised of us all.

“Ah, Evan-san, the order will get messed up if we pull the form out, so please shift it back for a while. Allen, Elena, choose the remainder.”

“”Got it~””

“Then, three!”

“Next one, twenty-four!”

Allen and Elena took turns saying the four numbers each, and selected a total of nine request forms.

“Alright, please process these nine requests for us.”

“Y, yes, certainly.”

The receptionist, who had been quietly watching us, was surprised, but she quickly began to process the request forms.

“That being the case, it seems that you are a person with good luck, Meredith-san. As the special privilege for being present, you can choose a Pastel Rabbit of your liking.”

Meredith seemed like a good-natured person who would be a good owner for a Pastel Rabbit, but I wasn’t close enough to him to give him a Pastel Rabbit unconditionally, so I let him get mixed up in the lottery just for fun. The result was that he was chosen first.

“Eh? Ehh?”

“”Which child do you like?””

Allen and Elena forced Meredith-san to choose while he was confused.

“Hah? Is this seriously alright?”

“It was an official request, so it’s fine.”

However, this might be also my fault, but since it is now known that they were keeping a Pastel Rabbit at Meredith-san’s house, I advised him to take some safety measures. It would be dangerous if someone tried to steal it.

While Meredith-san was choosing the Pastel Rabbit, I quickly completed the formalities and received the rewards.

“You guys really do unthinkable things, Takumi.”

“Isn’t it fine, it was amusing.”

“It might have been novel, but it was interesting, wasn’t it?”

“Yes, quite a lot. Shall we have the requests we took on processed next?”

“Let’s do that.”

We also processed the requests for the Jumbo Elk, Luminous Mushrooms, and Flare Tortoise that we had received, and received our rewards. The reward was half of the request fee each as planned.

We decided that we would only submit the minimum amount of Luminescent Mushrooms that were requested, and that we would each sell or keep the other amount that we collected. Evan-san and Scott-san seemed to be selling them, but I decided not to. I didn’t want to sell too many at once.

Also, we talked about the Crystal Elk antlers on the way back to town… To put it simply, they were completely forced on me. Or rather, they were afraid of getting involved and refused with all their might.




Chapter 292

“Alright, it’s a bit early, but let’s go get a drink!”

After completing the formalities and receiving his rewards, Evan-san said so while stretching.

“Takumi, come with us.”

“N~ what do I do…”

Should I go drinking~ It’s important to socialize, but can I bring the kids with me there?

“What is it, come with us.”

“Evan, you can’t be so forceful. He has children with him.”

“Ah, right.”

As my reply was ambiguous, Scott-san was reading too much into it.”

“Well, I could go once I leave the twins in someone’s care, but…”

“”Ehh~””

“Allen wants to go too~”

“Elena too~”

I was thinking of going back to the Ruven mansion and asking Rebecca-san to take care of the kids, but the kids were vehemently against it.

“Didn’t want you to return home early so you could see Rebecca-san soon?”

“”Can see Obaa~sama anytime!””

Allen and Elena spat out clearly.

Well, even if we come home late tonight, we are sure to see her tomorrow morning.

“Oh? What, are you pipsqueaks going too?”

“”Going~””

“Alright, let’s go then.”

“”Oh~!””

The children and Evan-san had become good friends, so the three of them were about to leave the guild already.

“Let us go too, Takumi-san.”

“Right.”

I started to follow after Scott-san, but Meredith-san stopped me in a hurry.

“O, oi! Wait a moment please!”

“What is the matter, Meredith-san? Did something happen to the child?”

The Pastel Rabbit he was holding in one hand was very obedient, but from the way Meredith-san was panicking, I wondered if something had happened to it.

“No, that’s not it! I’m going too!”

“N? Erm… for a drink?”

It seems he wasn’t talking about Pastel Rabbit.

He had heard that we were going out for a drink and wanted to join us.

“Old man, you finally got hold of what you wanted, so quickly return home.”

“Getting a Pastel Rabbit for that amount of money is making me pained! At least let me buy you a drink!”

“You don’t really have to mind it.”

“No, but…”

Apparently, he was concerned about the Pastel Rabbit’s minimal request fee.

“Old man, I really think you don’t have to mind it so much. This fellow might look like a newcomer, but he’s definitely not one, and he earns way more than you.”

“… Evan-san, please stop right there. You thought I was a newcomer!?”

“N? Well, I heard that you just came of age. That usually means that you are a newcomer, right? Well, you can’t really be called a newcomer, can you?”

… Ah, come to think of it, the rumors said that “Setsuna” was young, so he probably got the wrong idea of how old I am because of it.

“It’s my fault for not correcting you first, but… it’s the truth that I am a relatively new adventurer, but I’m already over 20 years old, okay?”

“Haah!?”

“… Eh?”

Evan-san let out an exaggerated voice of surprise, while Scott-san opened his eyes wide in silence. Was it that unexpected?

“Seriously? You are not joking?”

“I wouldn’t say a joke like that.”

“I thought that your speech and conduct were proper, but your appearances suggest you are similar in age to the orphan kids… like the fellows from the Black Cat, so I thought the rumors must have been the truth!”

I thought that I was obviously a senior to Kane-kun and his Black Cat party members, but… is my self-evaluation different from the evaluation of others?

“Well, let’s stop talking about my age for now. Meredith-san, I don’t really need compensation, so let’s see~… how old is your daughter, Meredith-san?”

“She will be seven this year…”

“Then, please give my children an opportunity to play with your daughter.”

“Huh?”

“These kids accompany me wherever I go, so they don’t have any friends over here. That’s why, please let them play together the next time.”

“I, I have no problem with that, but…”

“It’s decided then. I will get back to you soon~”

I decided on a price on my own, forcibly made Meredith-san agree, and quickly moved to the cafeteria attached to the inn where Evan-san and Scott-san were staying.

“Here it is, thank you for waiting.”

When we ordered the recommended dishes and drinks, the drinks were brought out first.

“”… Alcohol.””

There were three large glasses of ale and two smaller glasses of fruit water.

However, from the children’s perspective, the glasses of fruit water were behind the ale. So when they saw what was placed on the table, the children, who didn’t like alcohol, looked disappointed.

“”I hate alcohol.””

“There’s no need for you two to drink it, alright! Rather, you cannot drink it, you two have your fruit water! It’s over here!”

Evan-san and Scott-san who were watching our exchange chuckled.

“Haha, you hate alcohol?”

“Is not delish~”

“Is bitter~”

“Your impressions suggest that you tried drinking it before.”

“They had a taste when I had taken my eyes off of them. Even though I had warned them not to do it.”

“”Ahahaha~””

When I told them what had happened before, Evan-san and Scott-san started laughing and the twins pouted.

“”Muu~””

Allen and Elena suddenly rose from their chairs and picked up the glasses with ale.

“Allen, Elena, I don’t think you are going to drink, but… what are you doing with the ale?”

“”……””

Then, the twins turned away from us.

“Ou? What is it?”

“What is it, young lad and lass. Do you need something from us?”

“”Will give to you!””

“”””Hah?””””

Allen and Elena turned towards the adventurers dining at the table next to ours and presented the glasses to them.

“Pipsqueaks!? What are you doing!?”

“”No need for alcohol~””

“Nonono, that’s ours, okay!?”

“”I dunno~””

Allen and Elena left the ale on the table next to them and returned to their seats as if nothing had happened.

“Allen, Elena, are you trying to get back at them for laughing at you?”

“”N~? I dunno?””

Apparently, they hadn’t thought of doing this as payback or anything in particular.

“Oi, Evan, can we drink this~”

“Hahaha, you got your ale confiscated by kids, how funny!”

“Shuddup.”

The adventurers at the table next to ours seemed to know Evan-san and Scott-san and they were laughing as hard as they could.

“Ah~ you can have that ale.”

“Ou, thanks Lil’ bro. We won’t be holding back then.”

I gave them the ales to drink, and ordered another batch.

“”Ordering more alcohol~?””

“Look, Evan-san got laughed at too, so it’s fine already, no?”

“”N~ I guess~””

The children seemed to be in a good mood and tasted the fruit water with a nonchalant look on their faces.




Chapter 293

“Here you go, guys. Your food and extra ale.”

“”Food~!””

“Eat a lot~”

“”Yeah!””

When the food arrived, the children’s faces lit up.

“”Can we eat~?””

“Sure, go ahead.”

“”Yay~! Thank you!””

They asked for my permission, and when they also saw Evan-san and Scott-san no in approval, the twins started eating immediately.

“Lad, Lass.”

“”Nniyu?””

“Won’t you treat us as well?”

“I would like one too!”

As they began to eat, the adventurers around the cafeteria called out to them.

“”Treat~? What does that mean?””

“It means to buy something for someone else.”

“”I see~””

“Or rather, don’t crowd around the kids, you guys.”

After Evan-san explained to the children who were tilting their heads because they didn’t understand the word “treat”, he also warned the others.

“It’s you or Scott paying anyway, right?”

“Yeah, yeah.”

It seems that they were trying to appeal to Evan-san and Scott-san from the beginning.

“Allen will treat you~”

“Elena can too~”

(Eh!?)

However, the twins easily acknowledged and the adventurers around were stunned by their reaction.

“Allen, Elena? I think everyone was joking when they said that, you know?”

“”Was relied on~!””

“N? Ohh~ You were happy to be asked to treat them because they were relying on you that way?”

“”Yeah!””

It seems they were happy to be asked, even in jest.

In addition, they immediately rummaged through their pouches and took out their leather bags containing money.

“Oy, Takumi. I don’t need to guess, but are they taking out their money right now?”

“That seems to be the case.”

“Nono, stop spacing out and stop them!”

“Well, isn’t it alright?”

“Takumi!?”

I thought it would be a good opportunity for them to experience something like this, so I kept my mouth shut and watched what happened next.

“Onii~ chan.”

“How much is alcohol~?”

“N? Let me see? It’s 20G each.”

“”Erm… one~ two~ three~…””

When the children heard the price of the ale, they also started counting the number of people.

“Wait a moment!!”

“W, well, we are happy about your thoughts, but we really can’t be treated by kids, can we… l, look, eat your meal before it gets cold, alright?”

The adventurers, realizing that the children were serious, rushed to stop them.

“”Ten people?””

“Twenty…”

“Times ten…”

“”Erm… two hundred!””

“Oh, correct! Then, what’s 200G in coins?”

“”2 Silver coins!””

“Correct again!”

“”Yay~””

Unexpectedly, the study of mathematics showed up, and the kids got the two-digit multiplication right, even though it was a simple number.

“That’s the children’s older brother, right? Why is he so carefree in this situation?”

“He’s doing a calculation lesson now.”

“Rather than that, the kids are totally serious about treating us. What do we do?”

“What do we do, you ask… what do we do?”

The people around were whispering but let’s not mind it.

“”Au~””

“N? What is it?”

“”Have no Silver coins~””

“Huh, you don’t?”

When the amount of money was counted, the children looked in their leather bags again, but they were too sullen after looking and made disappointed noises.

Apparently, they didn’t have any Silver coins on them. Hmmm, I thought I had given them all the coins.

“As expected, even Takumi wouldn’t let kids carry that much money!”

“”Can we use Gold coins instead?””

“Wait a moment! Oy, Takumi!! Why are you making the kids carry Gold coins!!”

Evan started to get even angrier, surprised that the kids were carrying gold coins.

“Why, you ask… just in case something happened?”

“If you let them have that much money, they will get kidnapped or attacked instead!”

“Stop joking~ There’s no way they would get kidnapped with me around~ Besides, even if something were to happen, my kids will be vigilant before it happens, and even repel the threat if possible.”

I’m not worried at all about kidnapping, even if we do get separated, and I’m sure they will fight off any attack. Ah, no, I can’t say that there were no kidnappings happening recently, can I? They got kidnapped by gryphons and the Crystal Elk, after all~

“”Hey, hey, are Gold coins okay~?””

“I don’t think there would be a problem, but… let’s exchange.”

“”Exchange?””

“It means to split the money into smaller amounts.”

“”Split? Make them smaller?””

“Cut in half?”

“Or break?”

“Nono, not like that!?”

When the children heard the word “split”, they thought of breaking or cutting the coins to make them physically smaller.

“Exchanging one Gold coin for ten Large Silver coins, or one Large Silver coin for ten Silver coins, is called money exchange.”

“”Ohh~ let’s exchange!””

“Then, let’s exchange 1 Gold coin for 9 Large Silver coins and 10 Silver coins.”

“”Okay!””

Allen and Elena each offered me a gold coin, and I gave them the proper amount of Silver and Large Silver coins.

“Alcohol.”

“Ten times.”

“”Please!””

The children grabbed a Silver coin each and smilingly ordered some ale from the mistress.

“Hey, you guys! What do you think you are doing, asking these kids for alcohol!?”

“No, no, we were just kidding!”

“Yeah, yeah. Well, we thought we’d get a chance to get Evan to buy us drinks, but we didn’t mean to rip off the kids!”

The mistress scolded the adventurers, and they were all overwhelmed.

“”Is fine! Our treat!””

“Mistress, there’s no problem so let the kids do as they like.”

“If you, their guardian, says it’s fine then I have no problem. Are you sure, though?”

“Yes, please do as they say.”

“Alright. It’s ale for everyone then.”

“”Please!””

After this, we became friends with the adventurers and we all partied together.




Chapter 294

“Oh, really?”

The next morning, after bringing home the children who had fallen asleep at the party, we were eating breakfast with Rebecca-san when told us something.

“”Wow~ the house is finished~?””

“Fufu. I wonder, he only said to come to see it, so it might be finished.”

“Wah~ they worked fast~”

He called us to come and see the portable house we had ordered.

“Are you going right away?”

“Yeah. I’d like to see it immediately.”

That being the case, we immediately went to where the house was being built.

“””Ohhh~”””

Usually, a house is built where you live, but in our case, we won’t live where it is built, so I rented land owned by the Ruven family and had it built there. When we got there, we saw two houses, and the kids and I couldn’t help but shout in admiration.

“Ou, young fella, you came.”

“Hello, Ivano-san.”

“”Hello~””

Perhaps because he heard our voices, Ivano-san, the head of the workshop, came out from inside the house he had built.

“Is it finished already?”

“All that’s left is a consultation with you and the finishing touches. It was an amusing job, so we progressed quickly. Well, go check it out.”

“Yes!”

“Let’s check the hut first. Follow me.”

Ivano-san led us into the resting hut. A young man was in the midst of cleaning.

“Huh, Chief? Aren’t you finished with your… n? Who are these people?”

“They are the owners.”

“Eh, the owners? So young! Ain’t he younger than I!?”

“You are being nosy, Tom!”

“No, I mean!”

“Not only is he younger than you, but he also earns more than you as well. You are hindering my explanation, so go wait outside the hut!”

Ivano-san chased the hesitating young man—Tom-san, out of the hut.

“Sorry about our youngster nosiness.”

“No, it’s fine.”

“Well then, let me explain. As you can see, we have kept it monotonous, with no clutter, just a table, and chairs. What do you think?”

“It looks really nice!”

It was simple, but very carefully constructed.

“Onii~ chan look, look!”

“There are chairs for Allen and Elena!”

“Whoah, it’s true!”

In the center of the hut was a rectangular table with three chairs on each side. And two of the chairs had high seats with armrests. They were definitely made for children.

“You took the trouble to make these?”

“I wouldn’t say they were trouble to make. Oh, if you don’t like them, then we can exchange them for normal chairs, too.”

“No, thank you very much. As you can see, the children are very happy about them.”

The children immediately sat down on the chairs to see how comfortable they were.

I usually put thick cushions on the chairs to adjust the height, but even without them, the chairs seemed to be just right for the height of the table.

“You can’t change the height, so they won’t work when the kids get older.”

“That’s not a problem. But since they are replaceable, do you have spare chairs?If so, I would like those too.”

“I will make you pay for those too, you know?”

“But of course.”

I had no complaints about the hut, so we moved on to the transferable relaxation house.

“We already put the carpet in, so take off your shoes.”

“”Okay~””

After Allen and Elena took off their shoes, they walked into the house as if they were ready to jump in.

“Wow~ it has a good atmosphere.”

The walls were made of light brown wood, the floor had light gray carpet with short hair, a cream-colored sofa and a low table. The room was generally bright, with the sun shining through a large window.

“Since you didn’t tell me what colors you preferred, I decided to go with a bright, soothing color.”

“Thank you very much. It’s good this way, and we could create a different kind of atmosphere by using curtains and some small accessories, too.”

It looked good as it was, and it looked like it could easily be modified.

“”The bed is amazing! So huge!””

The children, who had been looking around the house, opened the door to the bedroom and exclaimed in admiration.

“Lemme see? Ohh, it really is big.”

“”We can all sleep together!””

“Indeed.”

The bed, which took up more than half of the room, looked impressive, but it was exactly as requested.

“It was our first time making a bed that wasn’t simply big but took half the size of the room. Does it meet your expectations, young fella?”

“Oh my~ I cannot really complain.”

“Gahahaha. I’m glad to hear that.”

The kids jumped into bed and enjoyed the soft mattress.

“How is it, Allen, Elena?”

“”Very good~””

“Looks like they like it.”

“I’m glad to hear that. Oh, by the way, here are the sizes of the sheets and covers. If you want a spare, you can use it to order them. If you want a spare immediately, you can go to the store two doors down from my workshop, “The Little Blue Bird”, and give them my name, and they will make it for you.”

Ivano-san seemed to have a bold personality, but he was also very considerate. The chair, the atmosphere of the room, and even the size of the bed!

“Ivano-san, this is the best! Thank you.”

After that, we also checked the bathroom and toilet and were briefed on the magical equipment that had been installed, but there was nothing in particular that we wanted to have fixed, so we received both the hut and the house that day.

“Uoh, you really can carry it!”

“Nono, I wouldn’t order it if I couldn’t.”

“Hearing about it and seeing it happen before my eyes are two different things.”

After surprising Ivano-san by putting the house in the Infinite Storage, we went to the workshop to pay the rest of the bill, and then we immediately visited the Little Blue Bird.

“Hello.”

“”Hello~””

“Yes, yes, welcome.”

When we entered the store, we were greeted by a man who was a little older than me.

I thought it was unusual to be greeted by a male shopkeeper, since most of the sewing and costume stores I had been to were staffed by women.

“I was introduced by Ivano-san and I would like to order some sheets and duvet covers.”

“Are they perhaps the larger ones that Ivano-san asked for before?”

“Yes, that’s probably it.”

When I showed the note I received from Ivano-san, it seemed to be the same one the male shopkeeper had imagined, and he gladly accepted my order. So I ordered a set of sheets and a duvet cover in navy blue, light blue, green, gray, and cream, in addition to white, and I also ordered curtains.

“Is there anything else?”

“”Onii~ chan?””

“N? What is it, is there something you want?”

“”You see, you see!””

“We want clothes.”

“With ears we can wear outside now.”

Err……… clothes with ears to wear outside? And right now?

“What we have is only for when it’s cold.”

“And sleep.”

“Ah, now that you mention it… is that so?”

Speaking of clothes with animal-ear hoods, they have a poncho coat and stuffed animal pajamas for sleeping. What could they wear now, would be either a thin cardigan or a hoodie, I guess?

“Excuse me. Do you also offer tailoring services here?”

“Yes, of course.”

“Then, could you make us a thin cardigan for the kids to wear? A hooded one. I would also like for animal ears to be attached to the hood.”

“Animal ears… is it?”

“Something like this.”

The shopkeeper looked at me strangely, so I took out a coat from the Infinite Storage and showed it to him as a sample.

“And so, what kind of animal ears would you like?”

“Vector’s.”

“Mile’s.”

When I asked the children what they wanted, the names of the Contracted Beasts came up.

Joule and Feat are imitated on the coat, and some sleepwear costumes imitate birds, so if that’s Bolt, then the only ones remaining would be Vector and Mile.

“Erm?”

“Ah~ they are talking about a Scarlet King Leo and a Forest Rat… would it be too difficult?”

“I can use something similar for the colors, but…”

“I thought so.”

Mile’s could be made simply by attaching long ears, but when it comes to Verctor~ The mane would be a bit difficult.

“Then a green one with long ears in the style of a Forest Rat. And if you can’t do a mane for the red one, we will do just with the round ears on it. Can I order two of each?”

“Yes, for sure.”

He said he could do it all in a few days, so I made the order, and we left the store.




Chapter 295

The next day, I wanted to test the house I had just received and decided to accept a request.

“”Request~ request~””

“Oh~ ain’t this the young laddie and lassie?”

After we entered the Adventurer’s Guild and were about to go see the request board, a man we had made friends with at the drinking party approached us.

“I’m not laddiemon! I am Allenmon!”

“I’m not lassiemon! I am Elenamon!”

“O, ou. I got it.”

“”Alrighty!””

But the children didn’t like the way he called them, so they made him correct it.

“”And so, what’s up, Ojichan?””

The children called the adventurer——Cody-san, “Ojichan,” but it was Cody-san who told them to call him that.

“Ojichan heard that you two came to receive a request, so I came over.”

“”Yeah, that’s right! What about you, Ojichan?””

“Ojichan has a day off.”

“”You don’t have a job~? Are you okay? We can treat you, you know~?””

“Ugh!”

Cody-san averted his gaze at the children’s words.

When the children learn new words such as “treat”, they want to use it… or rather, they already used it several times on him. It’s not that they are making fun of him, but the person they are talking to seems to have the word stuck in their mind.

“N, no, I’m fine~”

“”Is that so?””

“Ou, even I told you that, Ojichan changed his schedule and decided to take on a request now!”

Cody-san seemed to change his opinion and decided to go to work.

“Cody-san, it’s best to rest properly if you have been trying to take it easy.”

“Ah, yes, I suddenly got an urge to work, it’s all right. That being the case, you guys be careful out there~”

Cody-san went to look at the request board in a hurry.

“”He’s gone?””

“Indeed. Let’s go, if we don’t hurry, there won’t be any good request left for us, right?”

“”Ohh~!””

“Then, Allen will also hurry!”

“Elena too! Oniichan too!”

“Yesyes. Now then, are there any good requests, I wonder?”

“”Are there, I wonder~?””

Pulled by both hands by Allen and Elena, we also moved to look at the request forms and examine them.

“”Onii~ chan, that one~?””

“N? Which one?”

“”Erm, Battle Horse subjugation!””

(Wait a moment!)

“”Nniyu?””

As soon as the children read out the contents of the request form, several voices from the surrounding area stopped them.

“Battle Horses are B-rank!”

“That’s right, that’s right. It’s too dangerous, so don’t do it.”

“Choose a safer request. Okay?”

When I looked at the faces of the people who had raised their voices, all of them were male adventurers that we had met at the drinking party the other day.

It seems that they were trying to stop the children from accepting a request with a high degree of difficulty.

“”Is this one bad idea~?””

(Don’t do it!)

“”Ehh~””

Allen and Elena let out voices of frustration as they were fiercely opposed by everyone.

“”Onii~ chan! Everyone is a bully!””

“Fufu, they are being worried about you guys.”

“”They are bulliesmon!””

The children puffed up their cheeks discontentedly.

They were being stopped from doing what they wanted to do. People’s worries seemed to be mean to them.

“N, no, you see…”

“”Muu!””

“We just…”

“”Hmph!””

The men hurriedly tried to make up with the children, but the children turned away to avoid eye contact.

“Geez~ listen to what they have to say Allen, Elena.”

“”But they are bullying us!””

“Maybe they are trying to apologize for being mean?”

“”Is that so?””

Hearing my words, the children looked back at the men and tilted their heads.

(… Ugh.)

The men all choked on their words.

Because if they retracted what the kids said about bullying them, it would mean they were allowing the Battle Horse request.

“”Were we wrong?””

“N, no, that…”

“After all…”

“”Muu~””

The children’s moods were getting worse again.

“… Pffft.”

“Takumi! What are you laughing in silence for! You are their guardian, so you should be persuading them instead!”

“””Yeah, yeah!”””

I was secretly laughing at the sight of the men getting nervous because of the children’s attitude, but they noticed and got angry.

“Ehh~ is there a need to persuade them?”

“There is!”

“I’m going with them you know? I am.”

(… Ah!)

When we were drinking, it was unintentionally leaked that I was “Setsuna”, so I quickly reminded them of that.

The men looked at me for a moment… unsure of what I was saying, but then they realized what I was trying to say and raised their voices.

“Now that you reminded me! I forgot all about it because you have no dignity on your face!”

“Yeah. Takumi, you should be making a crisper expression!”

“No, there won’t be any change even if he does that because of his age.”

“Hey!? Why is everyone bullying me now!?”

For some reason, the stray bullets came flying my way.

“We were dangerously close to getting hated by the kids, ya know! Remind us faster next time!”

“Seriously. I had no idea what to do when they averted their gazes.”

“I almost cried!”

I got blamed even more strongly.

“”Hey~””

““Don’t!””

“Bully.”

“Our Onii~ chan.”

(……)

This time, when the kids thought I was being bullied by the guys, they stood between me and them with the corners of their eyes raised.

In fact, they were not blocking anyone!

Seeing these children, the men who had been making the noise subsided at once and hurriedly turned their faces to each other in a circle.

“… The hell is that. That ‘Don’t’!”

“That was so powerful.”

“Getting scolded by little kids is somewhat refreshing, isn’t it?”

“… It felt nice.”

They seemed to be discussing their impressions of getting scolded by the kids? Their opinions? But there was clearly someone strange mixed in. I decided to treat that person as a person to watch out for in the future.




Chapter 296

“You are being too noisy!”

Noah-san, the Adventurer’s Guild Master, heard the commotion and came to the hall from his office.

“What’s this? Takumi are you in trouble?

“Nono, that’s not it.”

Maybe it was because I was at the center of the commotion, or maybe it was my fault… or rather, it seemed like I was being quarreled with.

“Then, what is this ruckus about?”

“Erm… how do I explain this? This is the result of everyone worrying for the children, I guess?”

“Haah?”

Noah-san made a… I don’t get it face at my explanation.

“”You see, you see~””

“Everyone is saying~”

“That this request is.”

“”Out of question~!””

Allen and Elena turned to Noah-san, who is tilting his head, and before I realized it, they showed him the Battle Horse request form in their hands.

“N? A Battle Horse request?”

“”Yeah!””

“You want to accept this? N~ that is a swift and considerably strong monster, but… well, it should pose no threat to Takumi and you guys, no?”

“”Yeah!””

The children showed a big smile. I’m sure they were happy that Noah-san gave them a fair evaluation.

The men who were opposed to the idea looked awkward when they saw the children’s smiles.

“I see, so these guys were opposed to accepting this request. You guys should quickly select your own requests and get to work! I won’t tell you not to worry about other people, but worry about yourselves first.”

Noah-san was like a knight in shining armor, urging the men around him.

“I even heard about the kids treating you to a drink! Don’t be so pathetic and go earn your own money!”

“””!”””

“W, why does Master know of this…”

“Everything that happens in the town can be seen by the eyes of a third party. Of course it will spread quickly. And if it’s about adventurers, I will be the first to hear about it.”

Wow~ So Noah-san has already heard about the drinking party the other day~ Gossip and that kind of information spreads really fast, doesn’t it?

“”Is fine! Will treat you again!””

(!)

(Pfft!)

The children, who couldn’t read the atmosphere, said a few words to finish the job. The men who opposed accepting the Battle Horse request hung their heads in dejection.

In addition, the adventurers who had been watching us from a distance laughed out loud. Noah-san also turned his face away and laughed.

The laughter spread for a while, but when it subsided, Noah-san sent the dejected men off to work, so each started choosing a request. When things had calmed down, Noah-san spoke to me again.

“Takumi, you are their guardian, so you ought to stop them.”

“Stop them from doing what?”

“What, you ask… various things?”

“No, which one is it? Rather, I don’t recall them doing something that required me to stop them recently.”

I’m sure there was no problem with buying people a drink or with the request we want to accept.

“You guys stand out even when you are acting normal, so don’t do anything that deviates too much from that. You are going to get tangled up in things even more easily than you already are.”

“……”

It cannot be helped that we stand out since not many adventurers bring children to the Adventurer’s Guild with them, but to tell me not to deviate too much… I don’t try to? The Crystal Elk event that happened the other day has been concealed by us exactly for that reason, you know?

Ah, come to think of it, I was wondering if I should report to Velio-san about the Crystal Elk antlers so much that I forgot to report it~ I should probably report it, right?

“Takumi… why are you tilting your head?”

“I’m doing my best to avoid deviating from normal to the best of my ability~… or so I thought.”

“… You have no self-awareness, huh.”

When I honestly told him I had no recollection of what he meant, Noah-san let out a sigh.

“Oh well. Report to me as soon as it happens, even if it’s something trivial.”

“… Pardon me?”

“Why are you still tilting your head?”

“Well~ if there was a big problem, I will report it for sure, but… are trivial things something to report?”

“You must definitely report it!”

“… Ehh~”

Normally, you wouldn’t report something trivial to the Guild Master, would you? But Noah-san says to report even the slightest thing.

“If anything happens to you, the Ruven family is most likely going to act. Rather, they are going to act. If that happens, dealing with them would be too difficult. Therefore, no matter how big of a deal it is, I would like to deal with it before they act, so I’m telling you to report to me.”

It’s sad that I can’t deny it.

Noah-san is right, if something happens to us, there’s a… possibility that the Ruven family will act. If the Feudal Lords family acts… let’s not think about it now.

“I will be careful.”

“Honestly, I’m not worried about the business relationships. I want you to be very careful with your personal relationships.”

“… Yes, yes~”

After the conversation with Noah-san, the excited children and I made the necessary arrangements for the Battle Horse request and headed for the mountains. Once we were deep in the mountains, we called out Joule and the other Contracted Beasts and asked them to look for places where the Battle Horses might be. We soon found a place that looked like a habitat.

(N~ there is a lingering scent around here, but no presence~)

“”Not here~?””

(Indeed. But the scent has not faded yet, so I’m pretty sure this is where it lives. It is most likely away only for now.)

However, we couldn’t find the Battle Horse.

Joule and Feat sniffed the area and carefully searched the surroundings.

(Battle Horses are supposed to move in herds, right? However, there is no evidence of it here. Aniue, what are the contents of the request this time?)

“The Battle Horse here is apparently a stray.”

(Niichan, by a stray, do you mean there is only one? Was it driven out of the herd?)

“There is a possibility of that, but it doesn’t have to be that either. According to the information from the eyewitness, it has got a rough temperament and left the herd on its own.”

(I see! So it left the herd, went on a rampage, and got a subdue request on itself?)

“That’s it.”

As Bolt, Vector and Mile wanted to confirm the details of this request, so I gave them the information I had.

“If its habitat is here, then it will surely be nearby. Let’s look around here for now.”

“”(((((Yeah~)))))””

We could also wait for the Battle Horse to come back, but just as we were about to leave and search together, Vector stopped us for some reason.

(Niichan, Niichan!)

“What is it, Vector?”

(Niichan, cook a meal here! For the dungeon!)

I had promised the kids that we will go to an advanced-level dungeon next time. Vector seems to want me to make some pre-made food for that occasion.

“You know, Vector, we have enough food for the dungeon already.”

(How!? We will be gone for days next time we go to a dungeon, right? We will need more food, right!)

“We basically cook food on the spot even in dungeons, right? Pre-made food is meant to be eaten when you are in a place where you can’t cook, or when you are moving around and have no time to cook. That’s why, we don’t have to prepare for every meal.”

Well, the Infinite Storage allows unlimited preservation, so there’s no problem with having a lot, though.

(Ahh, I forgot!)

(You are too forgetful, Vector!)

(But, Niisama, isn’t it true that the more food you have in storage, the better?)

“That’s true, but I would like to stroll around with everyone today. Is that no good?”

(((((Of course not!)))))

“”Let’s go together!””

I don’t mind cooking, but if I say I want to be with everyone, they won’t refuse. Was I too cunning this time around?




Chapter 297

“”Where is it, where is it~””

(It’s not here, huh~ I thought it would be easy to find, since it’s supposedly acting violent~)

“”Ah.””

“I found Clen over there~”

“And there was Shui over here~”

After an early lunch, the kids and I started to take a leisurely stroll, but we couldn’t find any Battle Horses, or even any sign of them, so we just wandered around. However, the kids were not just walking around, as Allen and Elena were working on gathering medicinal herbs while walking in the lead with Joule.

(Fufu, both Allen-chan and Elena-chan are so diligent~)

“Truly. Even though they don’t need to look for herbs right now~”

(It’s not like they are forcing themselves, so isn’t it just fine?)

(That’s right! I think it’s better to be fruitful than just walk around!)

While I was following behind leisurely with Feat, Bolt and Mile, we were still collecting medicinal herbs on the way.

(Fufu, aren’t you doing the same as the children, Niisama?)

“Haha~ I get the feeling of needing to pick them when they enter my sight.”

Leaving them after catching a sight of them… that’s not possible. Do I have a poor man’s mentality?

(Allen-chan and Elena-chan without a doubt resemble you, Niisama.)

(I have no doubts about that.)

(No doubts at all!)

“……”

Are you saying that the reason why Allen and Elena are always collecting herbs is because of my behavior? Their actions are similar to mine because we are together for so long?

“I have to be careful so that my bad traits don’t stick on them then.”

(Oh my, you have bad traits, Niisama?)

“Of course, I do. It’s difficult to answer, but… it’s not to the point where it makes me angry, but people often point out that I’m overdoing things too much.”

(Aniue, I don’t think there’s anything wrong about having that pointed out.)

(That’s right! It’s just that the people around you haven’t been able to keep up with you!)

“… Heeh~”

Feat, Bolt, and Mile followed up kindly.

But you see~ does that mean that if I behave myself, they won’t point it out anymore? I don’t feel like it… I must investigate further.

“Oh, by the way, how far did Vector go?”

(Oh my, Niisama. You have changed the subject so blatantly.)

When I tried to forcefully change the subject by mentioning Vector, who was out wandering as usual, after saying he was going to look for some meat, Feat smiled.

“Let me change it.”

(Fufu, as you wish.)

It’s okay for now, but in the future, I might not be able to keep my head above water against Feat~

(Niichan!)

(My, he returned.)

“Indeed.”

While talking about him, Vector returned.

(I brought down the Battle Horse!)

“””((((……))))”””

He was holding the Battle Horse’s remains in his mouth.

“”… Au.””

Seeing Vector happily return, Allen and Elena, who had been working so hard to find the Battle Horse, were disappointed.

(Even though Allen and Elena worked so hard to find it! Why are you snatching the two’s enjoyment!)

(That’s right, Vector. You always do as you please! Be a bit more obedient for once!)

(I won’t cover for you this time.)

(No meal for you, Vector!)

(Eh, eeeeehhh!!)

He was reprimanded by the other four animals and seemed depressed, but he seemed to be most shocked by Mile’s words.

(I’m remorseful! Please don’t take away my meal~~~)

As I thought, Vector hated the thought of not having a meal.

“… Allen, Elena, what do you want to do?”

“”… Muu.””

When I checked with Allen and Elena if they wanted to forgive him or not, the two puffed out their cheeks. They were obviously angry, but their faces could only be described as cute.

(Allen, Elena, I’m really sorry. I will be more careful in the future, so please forgive me~~~)

“”……””

(Waa~~~h.)

Vector appealed very hard, but the children silently looked in the other direction.

It seems that unusually, the children’s anger was not subsiding.

(Alle~n, Elena~)

“”Hmph!””

(Waa~~~h.)

Vector walked around to get the twins to look at him, but they quickly turned away again.

Vector was totally crying now.

“N? The two’s faces…”

(Yeah, Allen and Elena’s faces are grinning.)

(Fufu. Are they perhaps teasing Vector?)

(It seems that way. They are pretending to be angry.)

(Good! Do it more!)

The moment they turned away from Vector, the kids’ faces were definitely smiling.

However, by the time the Vector came around again, they were making pretend angry expressions.

“But, he’s now the pitiful one. If that happened to me, I would definitely cry.”

(Ah~ yes, I would, too.)

I don’t want to think about it, but if I was in Vector’s situation… I would cry for sure.

Joule agreed and Feat, Bolt, Mile nodded in silence.

“I would like to stop them, but… let’s wait for a little longer.”

((((Agreed.))))

I thought about stopping them right away, but decided to leave them alone for a little while longer, as it was the perfect medicine for the overly free-spirited Vector.

“Then, why don’t we go looking for a camping site now?”

(Yay~! We are staying the night here today!)

(Aniue, should I look for a cave or something?)

“As a matter of fact, I had a house built, so I thought of using that today.”

(Oh my, you had a house built, Niisama?)

(I want to see it soon!)

I put away the evidence of my request, the Battle Horse carcass, in the Infinite Storage and started preparing to move.

“That being the case, Bolt, can you look for a place that is a bit in the open but out of the public eye?”

(Understood! I will find it right away!)

Bolt left to find a good place immediately, in the meanwhile I stopped Allen and Elena who were pretending to be angry.

“Allen, Elena, are you feeling satisfied enough? We are leaving.”

“”Okay~””

When I called out to them, the children replied cheerfully.

(Ehh! What do you mean if they are feeling satisfied!?)

“It seems that Allen and Elena were pretending with you.”

(Pretending!? Eh, you guys were acting all this time!?)

“”Yeah!””

Vector was taken aback by the rapid development.

(That can’t be~ You are so heartless~)

“No, I do think the twins were angry a bit there for real. They were trying their best to find the Battle Horse, after all.”

(… Au~ I’m sorry.)

“”Yea, it’s fine now~””

(Allen, Elena, I will reflect on this, so please don’t attack me like that again!)

“”Will think about it~””

(My gosh~~~)

The children’s newly learned mental attacks seemed to be quite unbearable, as Vector complained that he didn’t want to experience it ever again.




Chapter 298

Bolt led the way, and we found a nice open space deep in the forest.

“Ohh~ This place looks good. Thank you, Bolt.”

(It was nothing. You can ask me of this anytime.)

After patting Bolt, I took out the hut out of the Infinite Storage.

(Huh? I thought it would be a bit bigger.)

“This is a resting hut. I’m sure I will have everyone look for a place for the house in the future. So I thought I will have guys to check the sizes first.”

(So it’s like that! We should memorize the sizes then.)

Joule said that it was different from what he had imagined, but after listening to my explanation, he nodded his head as if he was convinced, and then checked the size of the hut carefully.

(So this is a resting hut, Niisama?)

“Yeah. I plan on using it when the children need to rest, or when we need to take a shelter from rain.”

(I see, understood.)

When I opened the door to show Feat the inside of the cabin, Joule and the others took turns checking it out, too.

“This one is not so cozy, so just remember this one is for emergency use. And, this one is——”

I put the hut away in the Infinite Storage and took out the house this time.

The place Bolt found still had some margin of space left after the house was placed down.

(Now this is a house! Ama~zing!)

(Oh my, that’s quite a splendid home.)

(Indeed. But, this seems it would be good even in a slightly narrower place.)

(Ohh~ amazing, amazing!)

(It’s wonderful!)

“Now then, it’s a bit early, but let’s relax at home for the rest of the day. Come in.”

“”(((((Okay~)))))””

Before entering, I cast Washing in all of us and we went in.

“”I’m home~””

(Oh, that’s nice. I’m home~)

((((I’m home~))))

“Haha, welcome home~”

“”Onii~ chan too, welcome home~””

“Yup, I’m home~”

Just from the greeting, this already felt like “our home”.

(Wow~ the interior looks good!)

(It feels very relaxing.)

(It has a bright, but very calming color scheme.)

(Yep, yep, it’s calming~)

(It’s splendid!)

Joule and the others began to relax in their favorite places.

“I haven’t arranged the furniture and decorations yet, so if there’s anything you want, just let me know. I personally would like a hanger rack to hang my undressed jacket.”

I don’t have a place to put my undressed jacket, so I’ll get one as soon as possible.

I had no choice but to put it in the Infinite Storage for now, and then I sat together on the sofa with Allen and Elena.

(N~ let’s see~ I would like a big cushion. A big one I could climb on!)

(Ohh~ that sounds nice! I would like one too!)

Joule and Vector wanted cushions. I would like a large cushion that I could lean on when sitting directly on the carpet, too. I also need a regular cushion for the sofa.

(Aniue, could you make a place for me to stay on top of the hanger rack?)

“I can have something made solely for your personal use, you know?”

(Too many things would become obstructions in the room, so please make a place for me in the corner of the room.)

“You don’t really need to hold back so much~ But, thank you for your consideration. I will discuss this with the craftsmen.”

(Yes!)

Is it a hanger rack, or a hanger pole? No, a pole hanger?

I wonder if I can get a type of hanger that has several branches on the main pole, and have one of the branches or the top of the pole be able to host Bolt?

(Takumi Nii, I would like a step. This table is too steep for me to climb on!)

“”Ha!””

(Thank you!)

Allen and Elena hurriedly placed Mile, who was trying her best to climb, on top of the table.

“I will have it ready soon.”

(Please!)

Something like a staircase that would allow Mile to climb easier? N~… maybe a personal chair would be a better choice? No, let’s go with both. I should have this made promptly.

“Allen, Elena, Feat, what about you guys?”

“”N~?””

(Let’s see~ I can’t think of anything for now, I will let you know immediately if I come up with something.)

“”Yeah, will say!”

“Roger that.”

After relaxing for a while, I started to prepare dinner.

“N~ what should I cook? Oh, let’s do steamed buns!”

“”Steamed buns! Wanna eat!””

(Oh, those you made in the dungeon before? Sounds good!)

(That was delicious.)

(Everything made by Aniue will surely be delicious.)

(Steamed buns! Steamed buns!)

(I wanna eat it, too!)

The first thing I did was to make a large amount of dough for wrapping using burst powder.

While the dough was rising, the next step was to make the filling. I mixed ground meat with small pieces of bamboo shoots and shii mushrooms, and made two flavors, one based on shoyu and the other based on miso.

“Next is… a seafood one made with shrimps or scallops would be nice, too.”

“”That! Next one?””

“Next one? N~ let’s see… a pizza, one with a tomato base with plenty of cheese. I could also do curry or red bean paste buns!”

“”Let’s make everything!””

When I listed the ingredients I could think of, the kids looked up at me with sparkling eyes.

“Wrapping is difficult, you know?”

“Will help~”

“Let’s make them~”

“Well, yeah. It’s still early, so let’s get to it!”

“”Yeah!””

The reason I made more dough was because I wanted to store it in the Infinite Storage for the next time, but I thought it would be better to store the finished buns so that we could eat them right away the next time.

So, I made various flavors of ingredients and worked with the kids to wrap up more and more buns.

“Now we just have to wait for them to steam.”

I hadn’t had a chance to use the steaming pot since I got it made, but I finally get to use it.

“Yeah, this should be enough.”

“”Finished~ let’s eat quickly!””

We steamed the buns in turns, watching them steam for about ten minutes!

There were six kinds of buns: two kinds of meat buns, seafood buns, pizza buns, curry buns, and red bean paste buns. While I was waiting for them to be steamed, I also made a Chinese-style soup flavored with sesame oil, so it was quite a hearty meal. Hmm, even I can’t eat all the kinds, can I?

“A half of each for Allen and Elena… would be still too much? How about having a third of each together with Mile?”

“”Yeah!””

(Okay!)

The total amount of food the children could eat would be about two whole buns each. Mile’s body is also small, so cutting the buns in thirds would make for the perfect amount for all three.

(I want to eat one of each!)

(Me too, me too!)

“Roger that. Are you okay with one of each too, Feat?”

(Niisama, is eating that much okay?)

“Of course, it’s fine.”

(Thank you, Niisama.)

Joule, Vector, and Feat wanted one of each.

“What about you, Bolt?”

(I also want to try every kind, but as expected, I can’t eat that much.)

“Then, how about going half with me?”

(Okay!)

I also want to taste all the kinds, so I decided to share it with Bolt.

“”(((((Nn~♪)))))””

The kids groaned as they ate the steamed buns. Well, since everyone’s face was all warm and fuzzy, I guess it suited their palates. But for me, it felt a little thin and I thought the ingredients inside could be more strongly seasoned.

After dinner, we all relaxed again, and at the end of the day, we unveiled the large bed and all slept together.

It was a little funny to see that although the bed was spacious enough to use, the way we all squeezed into the middle like a bun filling was the same whether we were in the forest or at home.




Chapter 299

“Allen, Elena, we are going to the town to do some shopping today.”

“Shopping~?”

“What we buying~?”

When I told the kids what we were going to do today, they both tilted their heads.

“Various things. Cushions and things for ourselves, moreover, Velio-san and Almeria-san’s child is about to be born, so we have to get them a congratulatory gift. There are a few things I considered in my possession, but I thought we could take look for something as we stroll around.”

“”Yeah, will look~””

“Oh, and I’m going to look for something that would be a good wedding gift for Wald-sama, so let’s keep that in mind as we browse the stores.”

“”Ohh~!””

I took the kids to the shopping district to finish my own business first.

“”I know this place~””

“You remember it?”

“”Yeah!””

“”It’s where we ordered!””

“Vector and~”

“Mile~”

“Correct!”

The first place we visited was The Little Blue Bird. This is the store where I ordered bedsheets, curtains, and cardigans for the kids.

“Hello. Is what we ordered ready to pick up?”

“Welcome. Erm, about that…”

“Is something the matter?”

When I walked into the store, I was greeted by the same male shopkeeper who greeted me the last time I placed an order, and when I immediately asked him if my order was ready, he was hesitant to speak.

The shopkeeper didn’t say when I would be able to pick up our order, so maybe the items I had ordered weren’t ready yet.

“Did we come too early?”

“Uhm, I will bring the goods you ordered immediately, please wait a moment.”

“… Okay, I understand?”

As I tilted my head, the shopkeeper went to the back of the store in a hurry. But, according to him, the order seemed to be ready. If so, what is the matter with him?

“Thank you for waiting. Please confirm the goods.”

I checked the items the shopkeeper had brought with over.

There were several kinds of sheets, covers, and curtains. All of them were fine.

“Ah, this one.”

“I’m sorry.”

The shopkeeper bowed his head in response to my words.

I had ordered two cardigans for the kids, one green and one red, but there were only green ones here. I guessed that meant the red cardigans were not ready yet. Anyway, I picked up the green cardigan that was folded and unfolded it, and the kids shouted with joy.

“”Ohh~ it’s Mile~””

“Heeh~ it looks nice.”

The cardigan was made of a thin, airy fabric with about three-quarter sleeves, and the hood was exactly as ordered, with long, firm ears.

“And so… about this one…”

While we were happy with the green cardigan, the shopkeeper apologetically brought out a red cardigan from below the counter.

“Huh, it’s ready then?”

I took it and unfolded it to see that the red cardigan was made entirely of a fur-like material, with round ears on the hood. I thought a mane would be too difficult, but they seemed to have done a good job with the fur.

“”Ohh~ it’s Vector~””

The children were delighted with this one as well.

“I’m sorry. While I was pursuing Scarlet King Leo, I got sidetracked from your order…”

“N?”

“Umm, it can’t be called thin now, right? I’m sorry.”

“Eh, that!? Nonono! It’s perfectly fine! This looks fantastic! The children are happy about it too, so please stop apologizing.”

The shopkeeper wanted to apologize for not following the order to the dot.

It’s true that the fuzzy fur looks warm, so it’s not suitable for summer. But it’s not that thick, so I guess this is for spring and fall.

“We are glad you were able to mimic it so far.—— Right, Allen, Elena?”

“”Yeah! This is very nice! Thank you!””

The shopkeeper looked happy when we give our honest opinions.

“”Onii~ chan, we wanna wear this! Will change!””

“The green one?——Can they change here?”

“Yes, we have a partition this way, so please change your clothes there.”

There was a place that looked like a fitting area, so I took off the children’s clothes, put on their short-sleeved clothes, and then put on their green cardigans.

When they were done, they put on their hoods and spun around on the spot.

“Oh~ cute, very cute!”

“”Ehehe~””

The long ears don’t stand up straight exactly like Mile’s, but they’re still cute.

It’s a little… reminiscent of the ears on my coat, though.

“Thank you for the good job you did. So, no more apologies, please.”

“”Thank you~””

“I’m happy you like it.”

The shopkeeper looked relieved once again.

“Ah, yes. I’d like to order some more stuff, if that’s okay?”

“Yes, if it’s all right with you, it’s fine with me.”

“No problem at all. I’d like to order five cushions… erm, that are big enough to hold me for the sofa. And… three cushions for children to rest on. These I would prefer to be round, what do you think?”

After receiving the items I had ordered, I raised the next goods I wanted to order.

“No problem. Please choose the fabric and color of your liking from among here.”

“Okay. Allen, Elena, choose the color for the cushions~”

“”Okay~””

I let them touch the fabric and choose the colors that would suit Allen, Elena and the house.

“I think this one feels the best on touch?”

“”Yeah, it feels comfy~””

“Then, let’s choose the color next.”

“”Erm… this!””

The color the children chose was surprising to me.

“This one? It would look good in the house, and it’s the combination of colors I like… but are you sure you really want to go with this one?”

“”Yeah, I like this one!””

“I see. Well, I asked for eight cushions in total, so why don’t you choose another colors so we mix and match.”

I thought the twins would select colors like blue and pink, but they chose chic colors like dark green and dark brown instead.

At the moment, the interior of the house is decorated in calm colors. Therefore, even if they had chosen flashy colors, it wouldn’t have been a problem. Well, but maybe this is a good choice to match with the forest image.

“Okay, I think we are done with our own business.”

“Next is~?”

“There’s more~?”

“Next is for the unborn baby.”

“”What do we order~?””

“I just thought of something. How about a stuffed animal?”

“A soft one would be nice!”

“A fluffy one!”

“Indeed. Let’s ask for a soft and fluffy stuffed animal.”

Rebecca-san might have already prepared them, but I thought it wouldn’t be a problem to order a few more, so I ordered some stuffed animals. I ordered plushies modeled after the Pastel Rabbits in a variety of colors.

“Make one for Allen too~”

“For Elena as well~”

Since Allen and Elena wanted to have stuffed animals at home, I also ordered stuffed animals for Joule and the other five animals.

“Did we forget something else?”

“”N~? Don’t think so?””

We left The Little Blue Bird, thinking that if we forgot to ask for anything, we could come back to place an order again.



Chapter 300

After leaving The Little Blue Bird, we walked around, taking turns peeking into the stores.

“This is the bakery~”

“This is a place to stay~”

“This is the meat seller~”

“This is… what kind of shop?”

The children went from door to door, confirming what kind of goods the shops were selling.

“Ah, this is a woodworking workshop. This is great, let’s go inside.”

“”What we buying~?””

“The pole hanger for Bolt to stay, and steps and chair for Mile.”

“”Ohh~ let’s go, let’s go!””

When the kids heard what I wanted to buy, they pulled my hand and rushed into the store.

“Don’t hurry so much, the store won’t run away.”

“The faster we buy!”

“The earlier it’s done!”

“Ehh~”

It may be only a few minutes, but is the logic that the sooner we order, the sooner it will be ready?

“”Hello~””

“Oh my, some adorable customers came to my workshop.”

“”Wanna order!””

“Sure, sure, of course. Let me hear it.”

The workshop’s shopkeeper listened unperturbed by the children’s vigor. He was a middle-aged man with a fierce-looking face, but he seemed to be a very friendly guy.

“”You see, you see.””

“Pole hanger and.”

“Small steps and.”

“”Small chair!””

The children’s vigor continued, and they told him what they wanted to order at once.

“”Can you~?””

“… I understand what you want to order. Niichan, I will leave the specifics to you!”

He understood what they wanted, but he didn’t know the specific sizes, so the shopkeeper turned to me and asked for an explanation.

So I started by explaining my idea of a pole hanger that was designed for Bolt to rest. It would be fine to hang the jackets directly onto the pole hanger, but I also asked for a couple of standalone hangers, and then I explained about the 30 cm mini steps and the 30 cm small chair.

“What do you think?”

“Fumu. Well, it won’t be a problem. We can have it ready in two or three days.”

“Really! We’d love to place the order then.”

“”Please!””

After we finish the order, I decided to ask whether it would be possible for this workshop to produce a certain newborn baby toy.

“I’d like to discuss something with you…”

“N? What is it?”

“Could you take a look at this?”

I show him a drawing, not quite of a blueprint quality, I’ve drawn on a piece of paper beforehand.

“A box? A box with holes of various shapes?”

It was a picture of a square box with a top that could be opened and closed, with holes on all sides and the top in various shapes, such as circle, triangle, heart, star, etc., and a picture of blocks in the same shape as the holes.

I draw this after recalling that there was such a puzzle-like educational toy.

“The holes don’t have to be too complicated, just big enough for the blocks to go through. Blocks of the same shape as the holes should be able to go through and the box has to be openable so that the blocks could be then removed again.”

“Hooh~ a children’s toy, is it? How interesting.”

“Could you do it?”

“I will give it a try.”

“I will ask you of this too, then.”

“Is this all you wanted to order?”

N~ was there anything else?

“Ah, that! Erm, how is it called… the chair with a curved board for legs.”

“A rocking chair?”

“So it’s called a rocking chair. I want that, not a chair but a bed with an enclosure that a baby could sleep in?”

“Bed? Oh, do you mean a cradle?”

“Oh! Right, it’s called a cradle…”

Cradle! He seems to be a very familiar with the word, so I’m sure that Velio-san and others have prepared it already.

I thought I had a good idea~

“”Onii~ chan, Onii~ chan.””

“What is it?”

“”We want a rocking chair!””

Just when I thought my celebration gift idea was rejected… the twins voiced out their desire for a rocking chair.

Well, kids seem to like rocking chairs, don’t they?

“Sure, shall we order it then? Do you want a normal-sized one? Or a little one?”

“”Big one!””

“Roger that.——Sorry, I would like to add two adult-sized rocking chairs to our order.”

“”One is good enough~!””

“Let’s go with just a single one then.”

“Ou, sure thing.”

There was nothing else I could think of, so I confirmed the order and then we left the workshop.

“We do we~”

“Go next~”

“We can look for things you guys want too, you know?”

“”Nniyu?””

Allen and Elena tilted their heads in wonder at my words.

“”We already bought, you know~?””

“Stuffed animals~”

“And the chair, too~”

“That’s right, isn’t it?”

“”Yeah, that’s right~””

My children are able to give a proper request, so I bought them what they wanted.

“”Ah!””

“What is it?”

“”Snacks!””

“Want candy!”

“Already running out!”

“Oh, candies, huh.”

The candies that I gave to each for them to eat whenever they wanted were bought when we first arrived to the Capital, right? It seems both were eating them with care.

There are still some things in my Infinite Storage that I bought for the two of them when I bought the candies, but… well, I’ll keep them for now and buy new ones over here.

“Sure, let’s walk around and look for that kind of store.”

“”Yay~””

“There were all kinds of flavors if I remember correctly, right~ You have to start thinking what flavors you would like to buy.”

“”Honey!””

“Haha, you have already decided?”

“”Yeah!””

I’m sure the candy I bought last time were honey flavored too, so I guess they must have really liked it.

“You guys don’t seem to overeat them, and there’s still space in your magic bags, so you can even buy two or three kinds this time~”

“”Really!?””

“Really. But, just because there will be a lot of them doesn’t mean you have to eat several in one day. You can buy more if you can promise me that.”

“”I promise!””

Allen and Elena are good at keeping their promises, so even if I buy them all kinds of candy, it won’t be a problem. But although their magic bags are rather high capacity, they have a very little time dilation… the candies will probably melt.

The next time we go to an advanced dungeon to look for a magic ring, we should also look for magic bags with a matching time dilation.




Chapter 301

“N? This is… an art gallery?”

“”So many pictures!””

As we continued to wander around, peeking into stores, we found a store with many paintings on the walls.

“Welcome.”

As we were looking at the paintings, an elderly man approached us.

“Hello. Excuse me, is this a store that sells paintings?”

“We are a writing tools shop. We deal in paper, pens, ink, and so on. Those paintings are, more or less, also for sale.”

“Writing tools? Erm, what do you mean by more or less?”

“These paintings were drawn by my grandchild. He’s an unsuccessful painter so these rarely sell.”

“Is that so? I thought they were pretty good~”

Some of them were landscapes, and some had depictions of animals, plants, or monsters. Well, the landscapes were all very similar, and the monsters were all low-ranked ones, though. It’s possible that the painter only draw things they have seen before.

But the overall style was gentle and light-toned, and I like it a lot.

“People are not going to buy paintings unless they can afford it.”

“… Ahh, I see.”

In this world, it is the wealthy, mainly the nobles, who display paintings, but most of the paintings displayed in noble residences are canvases made of cloth stretched over solid wooden frames.

The pictures displayed here were all painted on A4 size paper, so they were easily available, but I guess they don’t sell well because the common people rarely buy paintings.

“Does your grandchild not paint on bigger canvases?”

“Maybe it’s because he has been used to paper since he was little, but he can’t seem to paint as well as he’d like on canvas.”

… I guess it’s a consequence of his family selling writing tools.

“Would you like one? I was thinking of disposing of them soon, so I’ll give you a discount.”

“You are disposing of them? Isn’t that a waste?”

“Yes, it is. However, my grandchild needs to see reality soon or he’s the one who will be troubled in the future.”

“That’s harsh.”

I felt like I really wanted to support them, but he seemed to be trying to be tough for the sake of his grandchild.

“Well, we will buy a few.——Allen, Elena, I’m going to buy some picture to decorate our house with, so choose the ones you like.”

“”The forest house~?””

“Yeah, that’s right. You can choose as many as you like, and we can change them according to your mood.”

“”Got it~””

When I asked the children to look at the pictures and choose their favorites, they began to examine each picture with great enthusiasm.

“”That’s cute!””

“N, lemme see? Oh, Pastel Rabbits? That certainly is cute.”

“”Hey, hey, that for a congratulatory gift~?””

“Congratulatory gift? Oh, that might be a good idea.”

The kids found a picture of five Pastel Rabbits in a huddled together and suggested it as a congratulatory gift. That’s a good idea. Rabbits are supposed to bring good luck, you know. It’s for prosperity and happiness. However, the size is indeed too small.

“Come to think of it, do you have any large papers?”

“Uhm?”

I didn’t consider because I hadn’t had a chance to use paper over here before, but wouldn’t it be a good solution if there was a bigger paper?

“Do you have paper four times the size of this paper? There won’t be a problem if its even bigger than that, though.”

“W, well, I do have some pre-cut sheets in the workshop… and they are exactly four times the size of these.”

“Ohh, really? Then, if I ask your grandchild to draw a picture of Pastel Rabbits on that large piece of paper, can they do it?”

“Eh? Ehh?”

Perhaps because of my abruptness, the old gentleman was very confused.

“You said you were going to make them give up on painting, so do they not take personal request anymore?”

“N, no… that’s not it…”

“Then, I’d like to place an order, what do you think? I can order here and pay in advance, but maybe you should introduce us to your grandchild so we can talk with him directly?”

“E, ermm… I, I will call my grandchild over.”

The old gentleman hurriedly ran to the back of the store.

“”He gone?””

“He’s going to call the person who drew these over.”

Soon, the old gentleman returned with a young man in tow.

“I, is it true that you want to order a painting from me!?”

“Yes, I’d like to request a painting of Pastel Rabbits from you. However, I’d like it on a large piece of paper, is that fine?”

“Y, yes! I, I will do my best!——Grandpa, I will go get the paper from the workshop!”

The grandson seemed to accept the request, but he ran out of the store before we could discuss the details.

“I apologize for my restless grandson.”

“It’s all right. It’s just that we haven’t set a price or a deadline yet.”

“I’m sorry again. However, the items that are displayed and sold in the store are sold for a single silver coin. Also, from the way my grandson is acting, I think he will be done in two or three days.”

“N~ we will come back to check in three days then. As for the fee…”

I offered him a gold coin as an advance payment and asked him to order a frame for the painting as well. I didn’t know the exact size of the paper. He told me that it would take a long time to order a picture frame with complicated engraving, so I wanted something less complicated, but not so cheap-looking, and that I would pay extra for express completion.

“I will pay based on the quality of the painting then? Oh, do you need more money in advance?”

“No, it’s plenty enough.”

We finished the order without any problems, and then we selected the Pastel Rabbits painting from the store, along with some landscapes, for our own use.

“Ah, would it be possible to turn this painting into puzzle?”

As we were picking up the pictures, I thought of another use for them.

If I make the picture a little thicker, coat the surface, and cut it, I can make it into a puzzle. Oh, but I don’t think it’s possible to cut it into the pieces I imagine, so I’ll have to cut it into suitable shapes.

“But wouldn’t it be rude to cut the paintings?”

“You’re free to tear up the pieces you’ve purchased or burn them to ashes.”

“Nono, I won’t tear or burn them to ashes, okay!?”

I got a little flustered when the old gentleman overheard my muttering and gave me a bold reply.

However, the old gentleman’s comment made me less resistant to the process, so I bought another painting with the idea of making it into a puzzle.

“Then we show up again in three days, but we will wait if necessary, so tell him to calm down and not rush to finish the painting.”

“Yes, I’ll let him know. Thank you very much for today.”

After leaving the writing tools shop, we wandered around the town and bought some more things before returning to the Ruven residence.

Incidentally, I made a puzzle as soon as I got back to my room. I also bought some materials for it, after all.

At first, I was going to make it into random shapes, but that didn’t look like a puzzle, so I did my best to cut it into 104 pieces (8 x 13).

When I finished making it, the children immediately tried to play with it, and they were very pleased with it, so I made another 126 pieces and 165 pieces puzzles. I don’t know if it was because I got used to it, or if it was because I became more proficient in the “Crafting” skill, but each time I made a puzzle, the process became easier and easier, and I completed several puzzles without much trouble.

However, I needed a small box to separate the puzzle pieces so that they would not get mixed up, and a rack and a frame to play with the puzzle, so I hurriedly went shopping again the next day.




Chapter 302

——Beep♪

Hearing the sound I haven’t heard for a while in my head, I immediately checked my Infinite Storage and found a letter, or rather a card, from Syl.

“Erm… this is a request.”

The content of the card was about the request he had made at the temple when we arrived in Rubia, where I had allowed him to request something to eat once a month or so.

It was written on a card of fine paper quality with a very stylish gold decorative frame on it, so it felt truly wasteful to use on this.

“… Steamed buns, huh.”

He seemed to be curious about the six kinds of steamed buns I had made a few days ago, so as usual, he seemed to be watching us frequently. In addition, he even wrote that he wanted me to make custard cream buns and chocolate buns.

“Still, custard cream buns and chocolate buns, huh. I didn’t think of these when I was working on the buns~”

I wonder if it’s Marianora-sama who knows about things I haven’t made yet? Syl said that she knows a lot about Earth’s food~ No, was it a kind that came up to mind considering the type of the pastry?

“But it’s nice that it came with so much burst powder.”

A lot of burst powder had been sent along with the card, which is really nice since I didn’t have much on hand.

I still have some meatball-type buns I made, but it’s probably not enough to send to Syl. I told him that I might not be able to send it right away after he made a request, but I’m free today, so I’ll make it now.

“Allen, Elena, I will be making steamed buns again, will you help me~?”

“”Yeah, will help~!””

And so, when I asked the children if they wanted to help me, they were happy to oblige.

“Help me to knead the dough first then.”

“”Okay~””

We borrowed a corner of the kitchen and started to make the dough. Last time, we used the same dough and changed only the filling, but this time, we’ll be creative with the dough itself.

For curry buns, we’ll use a yellowish dough with curry powder kneaded into it, and for chocolate buns, we’ll use a cocoa dough. It’s not for everything, but it will be easier to tell the filling by the buns’ appearances.

Once the dough was made, the next step was to make the filling. However, all the ingredients were simple and familiar, so it was a breeze. The only thing is that it was my first time to make chocolate cream instead of chocolate custard, so that took a little longer, I guess?

Once that was done, the kids and I wrapped more and more ingredients into the dough and steamed them in turn.

“Alright, and it’s done!”

“”We made so many~””

“Indeed.”

I will send them to Syl while they are warm. I will send him four of each kind, since he will probably be eating them together with Marianora-sama, Salamanteel-sama, and Nomoodle-sama. Perhaps! Perhaps Windell-sama will be there too, so I prepared five of each, and sent the buns Syl’s way after checking there was no one else around.

“Anyhow, would you like to try the custard cream and chocolate buns?”

“”Want~””

“Then, half of each.”

“”Okay.”

I left the two kinds of new buns for the twins as snacks, and stored the rest in the Infinite Storage.

“”Onii~chan, you eat too~””

“Thank you.”

Allen and Elena were thoughtful enough to share a third of the custard cream bun and a third of the chocolate bun with me.

“Yup, they turned out well.”

“”Yeah, it’s yummy!””

“Well then, what do I make next.”

“”Making more~?””

The children tilted their heads at my words as they munched on the custard cream bun.

“Since we are here, we might as well. Right~ I got my hands on a lot of burst powder, so why don’t we make a pound cake?”

“”Pound! Love it!””

I’ve made a pound cake without baking powder as a test before, but it didn’t rise very well. So, I’m thinking of challenging it again using burst powder.

“The last time… we made one with nuts and dried fruit, right?”

“”Was yummy~!””

“Is that so? I’m glad to hear that. What do we do this time? Do we do the same one?”

The last time I made it, I made a simple plain dough with lots of chopped walnuts and raisins. Since I was going to challenge it again, I thought I should make the same one.

“”Will eat the same one~! But you see, you see!””

“Allen thinks Lemone pound would be nice too!”

“Elena you know, Elena thinks Oren would be good!”

Allen and Elena came up with their ideas for pound cakes.

“Oh, that sounds nice. Rather, those are some good ideas~”

I believe that lemon and orange zest is a standard flavor for pound cakes. But that’s because I know about it. It’s amazing that the kids, who knew nothing about it, could think of this.

“”Also, let’s make chocolate one!””

“That sounds good too. But, that would be cocoa rather than chocolate, I guess? Als… tea, maro.”

“Ishiuri!”

“Sweet potato!”

“Alright, let’s make some more!”

“”Let’s do it~!””

That being the case, we decided to work on making pound cakes next.

Plain, plain with Kotou and Kukuru, plain with Maro, cocoa, plain and cocoa marble, tea leaves, Ishiuri paste with Ishiuri cubes, sweet potato paste with sweet potato cubes.***

All this has obviously taken a lot of flour, butter and sugar to make, so I’ll have to buy more next time~ Ah, let’s also buy more White Wheat. As for the rest… it should be fine, I think?

I have plenty of meat because of the monsters we hunt, and I have plenty of fish stocked up. I’ve got vegetables and fruits from Marshelly-san, so I’m good there. Yeah, we’ll be fine. Or rather, we are doing too well~

***(Kotou=walnuts / Kukuru=grapes / Maro=Japanese chestnut / Ishiuri=pumpkin)

“It baked well.”

“”Looks delish.””

“Right. Well, why don’t we invite Rebecca-san for a cup of tea.”

“”Yeah!””

I’ve heard that it’s better to eat pound cake after it’s cooled, but they taste great when freshly out of the oven, too!

It was time for tea, so we took pound cakes I had cut into pieces and headed for Rebecca-san’s place.

“”Obaa~sama!””

“My, oh my, welcome.”

Even though it was a sudden visit, Rebecca-san greeted us with a smile.

“Excuse our sudden visit. We made a new tea-cake, would you like to have some with us?”

“”Let’s have tea?””

“Fufu, I’m happy you invited me. I’m looking forward to tasting your new product, Takumi-san. Why don’t we invite Velio-san and Almeria-san too?”

“All right. But, is it fine to invite them all of a sudden like this?”

“It’s fine. They will be delighted by the invitation.”

Just like Rebecca-san said, Velio-san and Almeria-san accepted our sudden invitation to a tea party.

“Oren is delish!”

“Lemone is delish, too!”

“You have made the one with Kotou and Kukuru before right? It’s more delicious than the last time~”

“This dark brown one is faintly bitter, but it goes really well with tea.”

“The sweet potato one is very tasty.”

They wanted to try all of them, so I cut the pound cakes into bite-sized pieces so they could taste all of the pound cake kinds.




Chapter 303 

“!”

“Almeria!?”

As we were enjoying our tea time in a relaxed atmosphere, Almeria-san suddenly showed a pained expression while holding her belly.

“My, oh my, are you going into labor?”

“”Eh, it’s about to be born!?””

Rebecca-san’s words overlapped with Velio-san’s and my voices of surprise.

“A, Almeria, a, are you alright!?”

“Velio-san, calm down. There’s no point panicking. Velio-san, quickly carry Almeria-san into the room we have prepared, and help her lay in a comfortable position. I will go ask for the midwife.”

“Y, yes!”

Rebecca-san stood up nonchalantly and gave instructions to the panicked Velio-san.

Then, Velio-san took Almeria-san into his arms and carried her away carefully, yet hurriedly.

“Takumi-san, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, I’m sorry for the sudden confusion.”

“Nono, everything’s fine.”

“”Is going to be born~?””

“Yes. Considering the due date, I’m sure today is the day.”

Rebecca-san apologized once again for interrupting the tea party and left the room to make arrangements.

“When is it going to be born~?”

“Will it be born now~?”

“N~ it won’t be immediately. I heard it takes time for a baby to be born.”

“”I see~””

Allen and Elena looked excited, but were a little disappointed when they heard that it would take some time.

“I’d like to help, but… we would only get in the way by hanging around, so let’s obediently wait in our room.”

“”… Okay~””

“You don’t have to be feeling so down, they will let us know immediately when the child is born. So let’s wait and look forward to it.”

“”Yeah!””

The area around the birth room would be a flurry of activity, so we would indeed be a hindrance by going there. So I decided to take the kids and go back to our room.

“So, what are you doing here!?”

As we were quietly waiting in our room, for some reason! Velio-san came and sat down on the sofa.

“Why are you here?”

“… I was told I was only a hindrance by restlessly wandering around.”

“Go to Almeria-san to hold her hand, at least.”

“No man is allowed in the delivery room unless necessary.”

“Ah, is that so?”

Oh, so the fathers aren’t allowed in during childbirth? Or rather, do they mostly avoid it?

“Then, how about doing some work… or something?”

“I couldn’t concentrate.”

“……”

Well, his child is about to be born, so it’s not surprising~

“Allen, Elena, have Velio-san play with you~”

“”Okay~””

Playing with the kids will take his mind off things.

“”Velio Onii~sama, let’s play with puzzle~””

“Puzzle? What is that?”

“”It’s this!””

Allen and Elena spread the puzzle pieces on the table.

“You do this like that.”

“Erm, next this one~”

“… I see.”

Velio-san watched intently as the children put the pieces together.

“So you play by creating a picture with these scattered pieces. This is my first time seeing something like this, but it’s thought out well~”

“”Onii~chan made this, you know~””

“Takumi-kun did?”

“Yes, I bought a lot of paintings for cheap, so I made it from those.”

“This is very good.”

While he was working with the children on the puzzle, the restless Velio-san regained his composure.

As the day drew to end, we continued spending our time with Velio-san and even ate dinner with him, and spent some more time in the lounge closest to the delivery room.

“I’m sorry for having you accompany me.”

“Nono, I also feel concerned.”

It would probably take about half a day from the time the contractions started until the birth, so the baby would be most likely born in the middle of the night or early morning. It will still take some time, but there was no way I could sleep peacefully, so Velio-san and I were planning to stay up all night.

As expected, the kids were asleep in the middle of the sofa with their heads in my lap. I tried to put them on the bed in my room, but they protested, so things ended up like this.

“Velio-san, would you like another drink?”

“No, as expected, any more than this would be…”

“I thought so.”

Just as we were about to fill up our stomachs with tea and coffee, I heard a flurry of footsteps and a knocking on the door.

“Excuse me! Granvelio-sama, the child has been born.”

“Really!”

Velio-san stood up with a happy look on his face.

“”Born!””

The sleeping Allen and Elena jumped on their feet. They have woken up very well.

“HUh? Aren’t you going, Velio-san?”

“R, right.”

Velio-san, who I had expected to go to Almeria-san’s place immediately, was standing there dumbfounded. So I tried to call out to him, but he nodded, but for some reason he didn’t move.

“”Can we see?””

“Erm… Velio-san, can we accompany you?”

“Y, yeah, of course. R, right, let’s go together.”

“Thank you, Velio-san.——Allen, Elena, both Almeria-san and the baby are surely exhausted, so only a glimpse today. We will immediately return to our room.”

“”Got it~””

In fact, I think it would be better if we refrained from doing so, but since Velio-san was unsteady, it seemed dangerous to let him go alone, and the children were looking forward to it, so let’s take just a glimpse.

“My, oh my, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, you are still awake?”

“”Want to see the baby!””

When Allen and Elena guided Velio-san over while holding hands, Rebecca-san welcomed them with a smile.

“Fufu, come inside. Welcome.”

When we entered the room, Almeria-sand had the newborn baby right next to her on the bed.

“Dear, it’s a boy.”

“What a gallant face he has. Almeria, thank you. You have worked hard.”

“Takumi-san, Alllen-chan, and Elena-chan came over, too.”

“Congratulations.”

“”Congrats~””

Almeria-san looked towards us, so we first conveyed our words of congratulations.

“Thank you. Come on, have a look at the child’s face too.”

“Yes, thank you. Well then, excuse us.”

Almeria-san gave us her permission, so I picked up Allen and Elena and approached the bed to take a look at the baby.

“”Whoa~ so cute~””

“”Yeah, he’s so cute.”

The baby was asleep, so I couldn’t see the color of his eyes, but his hair seemed to be the same color as Velio-san’s. Well, whether he takes after his father or his mother, he will grow up to be a handsome man.

“Let’s take a good care of him, okay?”

“”Yeah! Will play lots!””

After a short time of being shown the baby’s face, we immediately went back to our room as I had declared beforehand, but… the excited Allen and Elena couldn’t quite fall asleep, so it was only when the sky got bright that I was able to sleep.




Chapter 304

“”Onii~chan, good morning~””

“Good morning.”

We woke up a little later than usual.

“Are you okay? Did you get enough sleep?”

“”Yeah!””

Despite the irregular sleeping hours, the children seemed to be full of energy.

“How are your stomachs?”

“”Hungry~””

“Then, let’s get ready and go eat.”

“”Okay!””

We headed to the dining room not for breakfast but for brunch instead, and despite the odd hour, we were served a normal meal. If it’s too difficult, I would just make the food myself, or we would go to some restaurant to eat. The servants of the Ruven mansion are as good as they get.

“Good morning.”

“”Good morning~””

After we finished eating, Rebecca-san gave me a message that she would like some of our time if we were available, so we went to her immediately.

“Good morning you three. How do you feel?”

“Feel fine!”

“Lively!”

“We took our time resting, so we are good. It must have been hard for you yesterday, Rebecca-san. Are you feeling tired?”

“Fufu, thank you for your concern. I’m fine.”

We checked each other’s physical condition first, and then Rebecca-san took us to another room.

Apparently, they are going to let us see the newborn baby again.

“Almeria-san, we are entering.”

“Yes, go ahead.”

“Oh my, Velio-san, you came too.”

When we entered the room, Velio-san was also there, pecking the baby on the cheek with what I could only describe as a grin on his face.

“Almeria-san, how do you feel?”

“Thank you, Takumi-san. I’m fine. Come on over, have a look at his face.”

As soon as Almeria-san gave her permission, Allen and Elena quickly rushed over and started poking the baby’s cheek, just like Velio-san.

“”So squishy~””

“Ahhh~ Allen, Elena, don’t poke too hard.”

“”Oka~y.””

I hurriedly warned them as Allen and Elena were poking the baby’s cheeks again and again.

“”Onii~chan, he’s so cute!””

“Indeed, very cute.”

I touched the baby too, and found his cheeks to be very soft and squishy as well.

“Velio-san, have you decided on the name?”

“We named him Lucario.”

“Lucario-kun, huh. What a good name.”

“”Luca-chan!””

The baby boy seemed to have been named Lucario-kun.

As soon as they heard his name, Allen and Elena immediately started calling him by a nickname.

“”Oh! He opened eyes~””

“Yeah. They are beautiful blue-green eyes.”

Lucario-kun’s eyes were the color of Velio-san’s fresh leaf-colored eyes and Almeria-san’s blue eyes combined——Turquoise.

I took out the congratulatory gift that I had prepared from the Infinite Storage.

A stuffed animal we bought in town the other day, an educational toy, and the picture of a rabbit. I also have some monster materials on hand, such as good quality fur, and some herbs that are easy to preserve. In addition, there were the rubies and crystals that were politely refused when I tried gifting after we arrived to Rubia, as well as pearls. Based on the mistake I made last time, this time I packed them in a box so that they would not be obvious at a glance.

“Takumi-kun, there’s no need to be this considerate.”

“Well, we’d like to celebrate as well, so please accept it.”

“Fufu, Velio-san, accept it. We are also celebrating Takumi-san’s auspicious occasions, so they are going to feel sad that they can’t do the same.”

“That is true. Thank you, Takumi-san.”

Velio-san was reluctant to accept the gift, but thanks to Rebecca-san’s encouragement, he did.

As Rebecca-san said, I would be really sad if they celebrated Allen and Elena’s birthday, and we could not do the same.

“But, Takumi-san, what is inside this wooden box?”

I couldn’t help but look away from Rebecca-san’s sharp gaze.

Did she notice the contents of the box?That’s weird~ I thought people wouldn’t know what’s inside if I used a box…

“Mother, do you mean this box?——Wha!”

Velio-san immediately picked up the box that Rebecca-san had pointed out, opened the lid, and shouted in surprise.

“I knew it. Geez~ Takumi-san, I told you that you cannot give this away.”

“I thought it would be acceptable as a gift for a celebration~”

“Yeah. I noticed right away when you spoke about it the last time.”

The reason why she noticed was that when it was rejected as a gift, we discussed the next opportunity with Allen and Elena in front of Rebecca-san.

“Takumi-san!”

Velio-san, a little angry, held out the wooden box in his hands.

“No returns!”

“There’s no way we can take this!”

“Ehh~ No matter what~?”

“No matter what! Obediently take it back!”

The always mild-mannered Velio-san’s eyes turned sharp.

… Should I even collect things like this? I had no choice, so I stored the wooden box in the Infinite Storage.

“… Haah. I thought it would be much better for Rebecca-san or Almeria-san to make a use of it rather than me hoarding it~”

Next opportunity will be Wald-sama’s wedding, then?

“Fufu, it’s so easy to understand what you are thinking, Takumi-san~”

“Eh?”

“Weren’t you thinking just now that you would present it as a gift for Wald-san’s wedding?”

“Ehh!?”

Rebecca-san guessed exactly what I thought.

“D, does it appear on my face that much?”

“Fufu, I wonder~”

“……”

Rebecca-san smiled at me and muddled her answer.

For some reason, I get the feeling that I should not go against this person.

“By the way… is this no good as a wedding gift?”

“Well, I guess it would be all right if a little more modest?”

“… Modest?”

How modest is modest, really?

“Rubies and pearls are out of question. I guess about a few crystals would be fine?”

Only crystals~ Rubies aside, there’s no opportunity to reduce my stock of pearls at all~

Then, let’s get rid of the cryst——

“Takumi-san, I’m talking about two or three at most.”

“……”

I tried to reduce my inventory, but as if she had read my thoughts, Rebecca-san stopped my thoughts.

It’s really as if Rebecca knows exactly what I’m thinking.

“”Onii~chan, what’s wrong?””

When feeling dejected, Allen and Elena patted my head.

“… Allen, Elena, they say they won’t accept the rubies.”

“”Rubies?””

“The shiny red stone.”

“”I see~ Unfortunate.””

Although they let out “Unfortunate” Allen and Elena’s expression didn’t change much. Well, either way must be good for the kids.

“”Luka-cha~n.””

The one who Allen and Elena were most interested in right now was Lucario-kun, after all




Chapter 305

Whenever they had time, Allen and Elena would visit Lucario-kun and watch over him, but three days was the limit for the two of them, who were not shut-ins by nature.

“Let’s!”

“Go out!”

“”Today!!”

“O, okay.”

As soon as they woke up, Allen and Elena crawled over the bed and demanded… or rather, they declared.

So we decided to go out to the morning market at the port, since it was early in the morning.

“”Fish~””

“There’s so much fresh stuff here.”

It was a port, so my purpose was seafood. And since I have the opportunity, I’m going to look for seafood I’ve never seen before or don’t have on me.

“Scallops, check~”

“Velvet Shrimp, check~”

“Oh, there are Red Perches, too~”

“And Black Perches as well~”

Allen and Elena looked at the items in the storefront and named the seafood they knew.

“Oh, both laddie and lassie are very knowledgeable.”

The shopkeeper, who was selling the fish and shellfish, was impressed by the children’s knowledge.

“”Because we ate them beforemon!””

“No, no, even if they have eaten it before, kids your age don’t know what fish is what.”

“”Really?””

“Yeah! All right, smart kids like you deserve a discount!”

“Yay! Onii~chan, he said he will give a discount!””

“Haha, isn’t that great~”

“”Yea!””

Thanks to Allen and Elena’s knowledge, the shopkeeper offered us a discount.

“Well, since that is the case, why don’t we buy something? What would you like?”

“”N, you see~… everything!””

“”N?””

The children’s words were followed by the shopkeeper’s and my questioning voices.

Erm… I didn’t mishear them, right?

“Allen, Elena, did you say everything?”

“”Yeah, let’s buy everything!””

I didn’t mishear them.

Umm… In addition to scallops, there were Manila clams, Orient clams and other shellfish, red, white and other shrimps,, and a variety of fish. And all of them?

“”Can’t~?””

“So many~”

“We haven’t eaten~”

“That certainly is true, but you see~ Wouldn’t just those you haven’t eaten be alright?”

“”Wanna everything!””

“Ehh~”

Many of the fish I bought in Bailey were brightly colored, poisonous, or… just strange. Of course, I also bought some familiar fish like salmon and tuna! And just recently, when we fished in the sea near Rubia, we found, most importantly, octopus, and also seaweed, and blue fish like mackerel, saury and blueback.

On the other hand, the fish sold at this store were mostly white fish such as tai, flounder, cod, and even amberjack the size of the twins.

“Laddie, lassie, I’m happy to sell them, but fish go bad fast. So I can’t recommend buying fish that you won’t eat right away.”

“”Is fine!””

“What now? You are quite confident. Are you going to have a dinner party with a lot of people or something?”

“”That’s not it~ But, is fine!””

“… O, ou?”

The shopkeeper kindly tried to stop the children, but when Allen and Elena puffed up their chests confidently, the shopkeeper looked at me with confusion.

“I don’t know what this is about, but what are you going to do about it, lad?”

“N~ let’s see. I can buy it all if it doesn’t interfere with the store’s policies. I have a way for mass consumption and storage.”

I tried to stop the kids at first, but to be honest, I have no problem buying everything. I can afford it, and I also have the Infinite Storage.

“Oh, that would be great for us. Of course, I’ll give you a discount, so please buy them! We’ve had an overabundance of fish for the past few days, so much so that some days we have many unsold left!”

The shopkeeper was overjoyed at my words.

He said the store would not be troubled, so I decided to buy all the fish and shellfish in the store and put them in my “Infinite Storage” while pretending to put them in the magic bag one after another.

“”Bought so many~”

“Truly. I didn’t have in plan to buy this much, but I lost to the flow~”

I don’t have to worry about the fish going bad, but I feel like I bought too much.

“Allen loves fish as well~”

“Elena will eat lots of fish, too~”

“I will cook a lot if you help me with it.”

“”Yea, will help!””

Having said that, I don’t have much of fish dishes in repertoire~

First of all, let’s start with grilled fish, since they’re all fresh.

“We also should share with the Ruven family.”

“”Yeah! Will feed Luca-chan!””

“Nonono, Lucario-kun can’t eat fish yet, okay!”

“”Ehh~ even though it’s delish~?”

“Even if you make dejected faces like these, this is something I cannot allow you to do. Lucario-kun’s meals will only consist of milk for a while.”

“”…… Muu.””

I cautioned them, but Allen and Elena looked unconvinced.

“Babies don’t have teeth, so they can’t eat the same food as you guys. Don’t give him anything to eat, because he could choke or get sick and that would be a serious problem!”

I warned them strongly, this time, not to give him any snacks without permission.

“It’s for Lucario-kun’s sake, so you must promise me. Understood?”

“”Understood!””

They replied properly after hearing that it was for Lucario-kun’s sake, so I’m sure it will be all right.




Chapter 306 

“Au, au~”

“”What a good child~””

Today, Allen and Elena have been devoting themselves to Lucario-kun since morning.

“Almeria-san, I’m sorry it’s like this every single day.”

“Fufu, it’s alright. It really helps that they are here to humor him. Besides, Lucario also likes to play with his older siblings.”

“… That is good, then.”

They are sticking to Lucario-kun too much, so I felt bad to the mother, Almeria-san, but she didn’t seem to mind. Well, I cannot tell whether these were her true feelings or just a flattery, though.

“But, please don’t hesitate to scold them if they misbehave.”

“Oh my, there’s no need to worry that much about these children, no?”

“This will sound like something a doting elder brother would say, but… they are certainly clever. However, I have a feeling that they might do something wrong out of good intentions.”

“Oh my, so you mean it like that. I understand then. I also have to be careful anyway, so I will pay attention to it.”

I will try to handle it, but I’d like the adults around Lucario-kun to be aware of it as well, so I had to tell them while feeling apologetic. Almeria-san nodded in understanding.

“Wah~”

“”Luca-chan, what is it~?””

“Wah, wahh.”

“”Luca-chan is crying~””

“Oh my? I see, I wonder if it’s time for his milk?”

“”Milk? Do you want to eat?””

When Lucario-kun started crying because he was hungry, I decided to take Allen and Elena away from him.

“See, it’s lunchtime. Let’s go have lunch too, Allen, Elena.”

“”… Okay~””

We also left Lucario-kun’s room for lunch, but when we finished eating, Allen and Elena immediately wanted to go return to Lucario-kun’s room.

“My, oh my, Allen-chan and Elena-chan really seem to love Lucario-chan a lot.”

“”Yea! We love Luca-chan!””

When we came to Lucario-kun’s room again, I found that Almeria-san was not there, but Rebecca-san was.

“Wah~”

“Luca-chan, don’t cry~”

“Luca-chan, there, there~”

“Wah, wahhh…”

“”Luca-chan, bed-time?””

Allen and Elena were doing their best to quiet down Lucario-kun, who had drunk his fill of milk and was dozing off.

“Allen-chan and Elena-chan are really attached to Lucario-chan, aren’t they~”

“Indeed. I can’t forcibly take them away… I wonder what to do about this?”

While the kids were taking care of Lucario-kun, I was making small talk with Rebecca-san.

“Oh my, do you have to separate them? There’s really no need for that, is there?”

“Well~ you see… it must be bothersome to have them at Lucario-kun’s side all the time, right?”

“Lucario-chan doesn’t have a wet nurse yet, so he doesn’t have any baby siblings either, you see? That’s why I’m thankful that they are at his side.”

Huh? I think I heard them talking about goat’s milk before, but… I see, when noble ladies give birth, it’s normal for a wet nurse to take care of the child, huh.

“Since there’s no wet nurse, does it mean you had no intentions of finding one?”

“We had a candidate, but her birth was delayed. We are looking for another one, but we can’t find anyone good~”

“I see.”

Well, we are talking about a child that will be the heir, so the family must have strict requirements for the wet nurse.

“Did Velio-san or Wald-sama have a wet nurse?”

“Fufu, Lizzy was their wet nurse.”

“Is that so!”

Lizzy-san is Rebecca-san’s personal maid, she’s a gentle and diligent person. I have been helped by her many times, and she also takes care of the twins.

So she was their wet nurse!

“Eh, then, the foster siblings… did I meet Lizzy-san’s children already?”

“You did.”

“Eh, really?”

“Yeah, you’ve met Daniel.”

“Daniel-san!?”

Daniel-san is Velio-san’s secretary, and I had met him many times since I arrived in Rubia.

I’ve heard that Cyrus-san is also helping Velio-san with his work and is Daniel-san’s younger brother.

“That’s right. Lizzy gave birth to Cyrus right around Wald-san’s birth. That’s why Lizzy is the wet nurse of both of our children.”

“Is that so~”

I was surprised to hear about Ruven family’s state of affairs.

“Huh, the children got quiet.”

“Really. My oh my, my, my!”

“Rebecca-san, is something the——ah~ the two fell asleep too, huh~”

While I was talking with Rebecca-san, the children were quiet, so we checked on them. Allen and Elena, who surrounded the sleeping Lucario-kun on both sides, also fell asleep before I noticed.

“Fufu, how cute~”

“Truly. Ah, right!”

I took out my magic tool camera and snapped a picture. I took a picture of the three sleeping faces.

“Oh, it came out well~”

“Oh my!”

When I looked at the picture on the screen, it was one of the best shots I’ve ever seen!

“Takumi-san, I know that magical power paper is a precious item, but…”

“Ah, would you like a picture too?”

“If I could ask you for one.”

Rebecca-san looked envious, so I quickly took another picture and handed it to her.

“Fufu, thank you. Oh, I will have someone send you the fee for the magical power paper later.”

“Nono, I was luckily able to obtain a lot of magical power paper, so there’s no need for money.”

“Oh my, it doesn’t change the fact that magical power paper is a valuable item. You cannot refuse.”

“Eh, but…”

“You can’t. Take it.”

I got a lot of magical power paper from Syl, so I can take as many pictures as I want now. So it’s not going to hurt me to give a few away, but Rebecca-san won’t understand that. Even if I had a lot of them, she wouldn’t let me give them away, saying that they are valuable.




Chapter 307

“By the way, Rebecca-san.”

“What is it?”

“Can I leave Allen and Elena in your care?”

“Oh my, Takumi-san, are you going out by yourself?”

“Yes, I think I will.”

The kids and I are together almost all the time, so I’ll take this opportunity to get away from them for a bit.

“I will return at night before the kids go to sleep, so I’d appreciate it if you could take care of them until then.”

“Then, you will be dining by yourself, too?”

“Yes, if you agree to my request… that is.”

For starters, I think I’ll go out while the kids are asleep.

“I will feel sorry for them if you leave while they are asleep…”

“Will they cry, or will they sulk… I don’t know what kind of reaction they will show, so I’m going to have trouble you, Rebecca-san.”

“That’s fine with me, but…”

Rebecca-san wanted to say something, but she did not refuse, so I decided to leave the children with her and go out.

◇ ◇ ◇

“Now then, what should I do~”

After I left the Ruven residence, I wandered around the city.

“Oh, isn’t that Takumi!”

“Ah, Evan-san.”

I found myself near the Adventurer’s Guild, where I met Evan-san, an adventurer who had become a good friend of mine.

“You are alone? Where are the kids?”

Finding it was strange that I was alone, Evan-san was looking around for the children

“I left them in someone else’s care.”

“Left them? Ahh, at the Count’s?”

“Yes, that’s right.”

Evan-san knows that we are being taken care of by the Ruven family, and not staying at the inn, so he seemed to have thought of it right away.

“I don’t know how the two who are so close to you could agree to stay at home.”

“… I left while they were napping.”

“Is it… going to be okay?”

“Sure… I think.”

Evan-san gave me a subtle look when I told him that I had left them there without telling them first. Does he think that if I leave the kids here, they’ll go ballistic? They may cry and sulk, but they won’t go… wild…. They are not going to do that, right?

“And so, what are you doing alone? You didn’t come to accept a request, did you?”

“I was just wandering around.”

“Oh, let’s go drinking then!”

When I told Evan-san that I had nothing in particular to do, his eyes lit up.

“I want to eat your cooking!”

“Nonono! If we are to drink, then let’s order food from the place we drink at! It’s not my place to cook!”

“It’s fine! The inn I’m staying at will lend you the kitchen! Alright, let’s go!”

“… Ehh~”

Evan-san grabbed my arm tightly and started walking towards the inn.

“Evan-san, you are so pushy~”

“Your food is delicious. I’ll pay for the ingredients and also the labor, please. Okay?”

Evan-san said to me pleadingly. I’m going to feel bad if you say it like that.

“Geez~ Can’t be helped~ And so, what do you want to eat?”

“Anything!”

“… Anything, you say.”

Anything is the most annoying answer.

“So, you are fine with whatever I feel like eating.”

“Ou, that’s fine with me. Then, do you need to go shopping before going to the inn?”

“I’ve got all the ingredients on me.”

Since I had plenty of ingredients on hand, I declined the offer, and we moved on to the inn.

“Takumi, they said you can use it.”

“Alright.”

Evan-san had negotiated about the inn’s kitchen, and it seemed to have been approved.

I’ve been to this diner once before for a launch after a joint request with Evan-san and Scott-san’s Steel Hawks party, but this was my first time meeting the kitchen staff.

“Excuse me. Sorry to bother you.”

“It’s still early enough before the guests come, so it’s no problem. Besides, I’m interested in your cooking.”

“Eh? Erm… what do you mean by that?”

“I heard you were the one who came up with the sauce for the salad.”

Salad sauce… he means the dressing, right?

“You taught Scott how to make the sauce, right? We can’t cook, so we had the old man here make it for us.”

“Oh yeah, I did.”

I guess because I was tilting my head, Evan-san told me what this was about.

I completely forgot that I gave Scott the recipe for the dressing.

“Those fellows who only ate meat all the time and wouldn’t eat any vegetables no matter how many times I told them, started ordering salads.”

“Those fellows?”

“The adventurers who use this inn and dining hall. It’s delicious. It’s not just me and Scott, the other guys love it too, it’s a popular menu item here.”

“Heeh~ That’s good, isn’t it?”

I don’t know how many adventurers didn’t eat vegetables, but it’s good that they started to eat them, right?

“That’s why the old man must be interested in what you are going to make. And so, what have you decided to make today?”

“I will be troubled if you have so many expectations… let’s see~”

I bought a lot of seafood the other day, so I think I’ll use that.

“Ah, I guess I will do Fry?”

“Fry?”

“Right. Yes, they are dishes made by coating ingredients with breadcrumbs and frying them.”

Shrimp and fish… horse mackerel! Scallops and squid would be good too!

“Evan, if you’re free, I could use your help.”

“I don’t know how to cook.”

“Even my kids can help, can’t you?”

“Hey, Takumi! If the kids can do it, I can do it too!”

“I will have you help then.”

The bread crumbing process is easier when there are more people around, so I got Evan-san involved, and the old man, Milton-san, offered to help as well. He seemed to be really interested in what I was doing.

“Takumi, if you let the old man help you, he’s going to steal your recipe~”

“I don’t really mind…”

But I think it’s bad for the person who bought the recipe.

I’d be happy to give it away, but… they wouldn’t take it for free~ right~ Why don’t I send them another letter with a recipe for a different dish?

“Then, would you be willing to help me make a large batch for my personal use next time?”

I asked him to help me cook food for my Infinite Storage the next time. After all, frying is a pain in the ass!

In addition to the ones I’m planning to make today, pork cutlets, ground meat, fried white, croquettes, fried white fish and salmon are also good. And then there are things I want to eat or make, like asparagus wrapped in meat or cheese sticks…

“Ou! Leave it to me!”

Milton-san agreed, so we negotiated, and I lightly explained the process of cooking.

“That’s a lot of work.”

“Well, it’s not a qucik dish.”

When the breadcrumbs were done and the fish was frying in oil, Milton-san muttered to himself.

“Takumi, is it done?”

“It’s still cooking, can’t you see?”

“But it smells so good!”

“You are not a child, so go out and wait obediently!”

Evan-san, who had played an active role in bread crumbing, began to wander around behind me when he was finished. When I told him to go to the dining room and sit down, he was a little disappointed and left the kitchen

“Alright, this should be good.”

When the color looked good, I removed it from oil.

“What do you think? It takes a little work, but it’s not that difficult, is it?”

“Yeah. Looks like everything will be all right as long as you pay attention to the heat.”

““Here, this is for you, Milton-san.”

“Is this alright?”

“It’s fine. You have to try what you helped make.”

I also gave Milton-san a portion of the fried dishes and tartar sauce. I would have liked some Worcestershire sauce, but I could only make a mediocre one, so I refrained from serving it.




Chapter 308

“Evan-san, I have kept you waiting~”

“Finally! I’ve been waiting for this!”

When I went to the cafeteria with the variety of fried food, Evan-san was sitting there restlessly. I don’t mean to be rude, but he looked like a dog waiting to be fed.

“Yes, yes, here you go.”

“Alriiight!——Delish!”

I put the plate in front of Evan-san and gave him permission to eat, and he immediately took a bite of the fried food.

“Is it to your liking?”

“Ou! It’s super tasty! The crunchy texture is good, and the sauce is delicious, too! As I thought, you are incredible, Takumi!”

“Thank you very much.”

I tried it myself, and it was good. Fried food is so good~

“Evan-san, make sure you eat the cabbage as well, not just the fried food.”

“But, Takumi, there’s no sauce on this. There’s no dressing~”

“Try eating it together with the fried food and tartar.”

When I warned him that he was only eating the fried food and not the shredded cabbage, Evan-san reluctantly took a bite of the cabbage as well.

“… Oh? It’s good? I can eat this too.”

“Right? This combination is also good between slices of bread~”

“Oh, I bet it is!——Old man! Gimme bread!”

When I told Evan that the fried food was delicious as a sandwich, he immediately asked Milton-san for some bread to try.

“Oh my, Takumi-san?”

“Ah, Scott-san, welcome back.”

While we were having an early dinner, Scott-san returned.

“I have returned. Takumi-san, what are you doing he… there’s no need to ask. Did Evan ask you to cook for him?”

“You understood it well. Would you like too, Scott-san?”

“Is there a portion for me as well? Of course, I would like to.”

Since I had already prepared Scott-san’s portion, I offered him a plate of fried food from the Infinite Storage. Scott-san took a seat with a happy look on his face.

“This is delicious. The fish and shellfish are naturally tasty, but this white sauce is something else~ What are these dishes called?”

“They are deep-fried dishes. Shrimp fry, mackerel fry, scallop fry, squid fry… and the list goes on like this. The sauce is called tartar sauce. I have taught Milton-san the way to make it, so you can ask Milton-san when you feel like eating it again.”

“I’m happy to hear that~”

Scott-san smiled, looking really happy.

Well, even if it wasn’t offered as a menu item in the dining hall due to the time and effort involved, he would probably make it for them if they ordered it individually.

“”There!””

“Oh my, he really is here~”

“Eh? Ehh!?”

While I was having an after-dinner chat with Evan-san and Scott-san, Allen and Elena, holding hands with Rebecca-san, came running into the store.

“”Left us behind!””

“I’m sorry, Takumi-san. As soon as the kids woke up and realized you weren’t there, they said they were going to go find you~”

Allen and Elena, who I left at the Ruven mansion, did not cry or sulk, but seemed… angry and came looking for me. They puffed out their cheeks and put their hands on his hips… and I felt like I could hear them puffing.

“”Left us behind!””

Allen and Elena emphasized one more time.

“I’m sorry. Please forgive me?”

“”Muu~””

“… Will forgive.”

“… For delish meal.”

… it seems they will forgive me for a delicious meal. I thought they would complain a bit more, though~

“Sit down, then.”

“”Ohh~ looks delish!””

“Can you forgive me for this?”

“”Forgiven!””

I put out the fried food platter in front of Allen and Elena, and they easily forgave me.

I offered Rebecca-san a seat and asked her if she wanted to eat with the kids, but she refused, so I prepared tea.

“”It’s shrimp fry!””

“That’s right. Well then, can you guess the others?”

“”Will try eating!””

As the children began to eat, I apologized again to Rebecca-san.

“Rebecca-san, I’m sorry for making you accompany them.”

“Since you entrusted them in my care, I won’t just let them be.”

“But well~ I didn’t imagine they would chase after me.”

“I didn’t think that, either.”

Both Rebecca-san and I smiled wryly.

“The kids ran out of the mansion and almost jumped over the wall.”

“Eh? T, that’s… I’m sorry for all the trouble we have caused you.”

“Fufu, it’s fine. They stopped when I told them we should look for you together.”

I’m so glad they didn’t end up jumping over the wall~

“Still, how did you find this place? Were you searching for me?”

“You see, the kids seemed to know you were here, so we came straight over here.”

“… Eh?”

They came straight over here? Straight, without stopping anywhere?”

“Allen, Elena, why did you think I would be here?”

“”Somehow~?””

“……”

I asked the squirming kids how they knew I was here, and they didn’t seem to have a reason. So I guess it’s just a hunch. I think it’s more than a hunch, though… Oh well.

“How is it?”

“”Delish!””

Allen and Elena had big smiles on their faces. It looks like they like it.

“So, have you recognized anything else beside the shrimp fry?”

“Scallop!”

“Squid!”

“Correct! What’s the last one?”

“”Fish!””

“Ah, yes, that’s correct, but… it’s mackerel, mackerel fry. Remember it.”

“”Mackerel fry! Remembered!””

Rebecca-san looked envious when she saw Allen and Elena eating.

“I will make it at the Ruven house next time.”

“Fufu, I’m happy to hear that. Thank you.”

I can’t make it today, but I’ll make it for Rebecca-san and Velio-san too.




Chapter 309

“Takumi, it looks like leaving them behind wasn’t a good idea.”

“Indeed. I will stop going out without telling them first.”

“Not telling them, huh. Without telling them, you say… so if you did, it would be alright?”

“I think it would be fine if I managed to persuade them.”

“… Is that so?”

Evan-san, who had initially spoken to me in a teasing manner, began to think about something as he spoke.

“Hey, Scott. Wouldn’t it be better if Takumi was there for tomorrow’s request?”

“That’s… true.”

“What about tomorrow’s request?”

“Eh, you see…”

I asked about the request, and Evan-san looked around. I don’t know if we can talk in a place where there are other customers, even if it’s still sparse.

So we decided to move to the Ruven residence. Originally, we should have just moved to the room that Evan-san and Scott-san were renting, but Rebecca-san stopped us. Apparently, Rebecca-san also wanted to talk to us.

“So, what about the request?”

“An Orc nest was discovered a little further from the town.”

“… An Orc nest, huh.”

In the guest room of Ruven mansion, Velio-san and I heard the details again. This is certainly not something you can easily talk about in a place where people come and go.

“So, we’re planning to head out tomorrow with a party of adventurers to clean up the area.”

I guess Evan-san and Scott-san will also be going to clean up the orcs.

“Did you get an idea of the scale?”

Velio-san asked with a serious face, apparently having received a report of the Orc nest, too.

Evan-san said that it was a bit far from the city, but it must be a threat. It’s even more so when it’s in the territory that you govern.

“Scott, what did the scouts say about their reconnaissance?”

Scott came back to the inn late because he was hearing the report of the scouts at the Adventurer’s Guild.

“About two hundred of them. They say there will definitely be higher-ranking species.”

“… My goodness!”

Rebecca-san’s eyes widened, and she let out a sorrowful voice as she heard the report.

The scale seems to be quite large. I’ve encountered Orcs in the Gaya Forest and in the town of Alveil, but the units are different~

“It might be better to send out the territorial troops as well.”

“So you wanted me to come too because of their numbers, Evan-san.”

The reason why Evan-san invited me to the request is to secure manpower?

“Ah, yeah~ I didn’t know the exact numbers myself, but I knew it was quite a lot.——Allen, Elena, can you lend us your brother to us tomorrow? We want him to go on an request with us.”

“What about Allen~?”

“And Elena~?”

“N~ you guys are a bit unsuitable.”

“”Ehh~ wanna go too~””

Going to the Orc’s nest is not the same as defeating Orcs that attack you out in the open. There is a high possibility that there are people held captive in the Orc’s nest, too. That is way too tragic to see for the little ones.

“Allen, Elena, could you please stay here?”

“”Can defeat pigs~””

So I asked the kids to stay at home, but they insisted on going with me. Well, this was the expected reaction, so how do I persuade them from here.

“Allen-chan, Elena-chan. I’m not feeling well. So I was wondering if you could stay with me?”

“”With Obaa~sama?””

“Please?”

“”Uu~… Okay.””

Then Rebecca-san helped me out. When she asked, Allen and Elena couldn’t say no, and they nodded.

“Takumi, you will participate then?”

“Yes, that’s fine with me.”

“There are no A-ranked adventurers this time, after all. Having you will be very reassuring.”

“Is that so? What is the strength of the team that will go to defeat them tomorrow?”

“Including us, there are seven B-rank adventurers and twelve C-rank adventurers.”

So there are twenty of us, including me. That means, by simple calculation, there are ten of them per person~ Isn’t this a bit under powered on our part?

“… I will have no problems, but isn’t it too difficult for the C ranks?”

“To be honest, it will be pretty hard. We might be in danger too, depending on the situation.”

“The number of Orcs is higher than expected. The Guild Master said that he would re-organize the members to defeat them by tomorrow, so I think we’ll have a few more members.”

The Orcs are C-ranked, so even C-ranked adventurers should be able to defeat them. If it’s one on one.

But the opponents are in a large group. It won’t be easy to get into a one-on-one situation.

“But you suggested sending out your troops as well, right Velio-san?”

“Yes. But we have to consult with the Adventurer’s Guild first, though.”

“I thought so.”

If Velio-san is willing to send out troops, the number disadvantage would be taken care of.

Or maybe I could do my best to gain some experience. I’m sure I will be able to reduce their numbers if I hit them with one of my spells before the battle breaks out!

“It’s my job to get them to accept the support of the troops, so please go to bed early and make sure you’re in good shape, Takumi-san.”

“I see. Well, I will do that.”

We decided to rest for tomorrow, since Velio-san had agreed to meet directly with the Adventurer’s Guild to organize the members who would be going out to defeat the enemy and to prepare the necessary supplies.

Evan-san and Scott-san turned down Velio-san’s offer to lend them rooms, and they went back to the inn, so we decided to meet at the Adventurer’s Guild tomorrow at six in the morning, at the first bell.

“”Onii~chan.””

I went back to my room, got ready for sleep, and climbed into bed early.

Then Allen and Elena called out to me in small voices.

“Hmm? What’s up?”

“Allen and…”

“Elena.”

“”Can’t we go too?””

… They hadn’t completely given up on the idea of coming with, it seems.

“You guys said that you will stay at home, didn’t you?”

“”Umiyu~””

Allen and Elena, lying on either side of me, clung to me and rubbed up against me.

I know it in my head, but does it mean they will feel lonely?

“When I get back from my assignment, the three of us will go out together.”

“”Definitely?””

“Yeah, definitely. Let’s make a promise, then?”

“”A promise!””

When I switched their thoughts from the idea of being left behind tomorrow to the next outing, their expressions changed from sad to happy. Will it be okay like this?

“Well, can you think of a place you’d like to go?”

“”Anywhere we want~?””

“Yes, anywhere is fine. It can be a request, or just to hang out. Just discuss it between the two of you and let me know later.”

“”Okay~””

I patted them both on the head and hugged them tightly.

“I’m so glad you two are such good kids!”

“”Ehehe~””

Allen and Elena rubbed against me even more happily.

“Then I’d better get on with finishing tomorrow’s order!”

“”Come back as soon as you can, okay”

“Roger that! Then let’s go to sleep, so we get done with it.”

“”Yeah, good night~””




Chapter 309

“Takumi, it looks like leaving them behind wasn’t a good idea.”

“Indeed. I will stop going out without telling them first.”

“Not telling them, huh. Without telling them, you say… so if you did, it would be alright?”

“I think it would be fine if I managed to persuade them.”

“… Is that so?”

Evan-san, who had initially spoken to me in a teasing manner, began to think about something as he spoke.

“Hey, Scott. Wouldn’t it be better if Takumi was there for tomorrow’s request?”

“That’s… true.”

“What about tomorrow’s request?”

“Eh, you see…”

I asked about the request, and Evan-san looked around. I don’t know if we can talk in a place where there are other customers, even if it’s still sparse.

So we decided to move to the Ruven residence. Originally, we should have just moved to the room that Evan-san and Scott-san were renting, but Rebecca-san stopped us. Apparently, Rebecca-san also wanted to talk to us.

“So, what about the request?”

“An Orc nest was discovered a little further from the town.”

“… An Orc nest, huh.”

In the guest room of Ruven mansion, Velio-san and I heard the details again. This is certainly not something you can easily talk about in a place where people come and go.

“So, we’re planning to head out tomorrow with a party of adventurers to clean up the area.”

I guess Evan-san and Scott-san will also be going to clean up the orcs.

“Did you get an idea of the scale?”

Velio-san asked with a serious face, apparently having received a report of the Orc nest, too.

Evan-san said that it was a bit far from the city, but it must be a threat. It’s even more so when it’s in the territory that you govern.

“Scott, what did the scouts say about their reconnaissance?”

Scott came back to the inn late because he was hearing the report of the scouts at the Adventurer’s Guild.

“About two hundred of them. They say there will definitely be higher-ranking species.”

“… My goodness!”

Rebecca-san’s eyes widened, and she let out a sorrowful voice as she heard the report.

The scale seems to be quite large. I’ve encountered Orcs in the Gaya Forest and in the town of Alveil, but the units are different~

“It might be better to send out the territorial troops as well.”

“So you wanted me to come too because of their numbers, Evan-san.”

The reason why Evan-san invited me to the request is to secure manpower?

“Ah, yeah~ I didn’t know the exact numbers myself, but I knew it was quite a lot.——Allen, Elena, can you lend us your brother to us tomorrow? We want him to go on an request with us.”

“What about Allen~?”

“And Elena~?”

“N~ you guys are a bit unsuitable.”

“”Ehh~ wanna go too~””

Going to the Orc’s nest is not the same as defeating Orcs that attack you out in the open. There is a high possibility that there are people held captive in the Orc’s nest, too. That is way too tragic to see for the little ones.

“Allen, Elena, could you please stay here?”

“”Can defeat pigs~””

So I asked the kids to stay at home, but they insisted on going with me. Well, this was the expected reaction, so how do I persuade them from here.

“Allen-chan, Elena-chan. I’m not feeling well. So I was wondering if you could stay with me?”

“”With Obaa~sama?””

“Please?”

“”Uu~… Okay.””

Then Rebecca-san helped me out. When she asked, Allen and Elena couldn’t say no, and they nodded.

“Takumi, you will participate then?”

“Yes, that’s fine with me.”

“There are no A-ranked adventurers this time, after all. Having you will be very reassuring.”

“Is that so? What is the strength of the team that will go to defeat them tomorrow?”

“Including us, there are seven B-rank adventurers and twelve C-rank adventurers.”

So there are twenty of us, including me. That means, by simple calculation, there are ten of them per person~ Isn’t this a bit under powered on our part?

“… I will have no problems, but isn’t it too difficult for the C ranks?”

“To be honest, it will be pretty hard. We might be in danger too, depending on the situation.”

“The number of Orcs is higher than expected. The Guild Master said that he would re-organize the members to defeat them by tomorrow, so I think we’ll have a few more members.”

The Orcs are C-ranked, so even C-ranked adventurers should be able to defeat them. If it’s one on one.

But the opponents are in a large group. It won’t be easy to get into a one-on-one situation.

“But you suggested sending out your troops as well, right Velio-san?”

“Yes. But we have to consult with the Adventurer’s Guild first, though.”

“I thought so.”

If Velio-san is willing to send out troops, the number disadvantage would be taken care of.

Or maybe I could do my best to gain some experience. I’m sure I will be able to reduce their numbers if I hit them with one of my spells before the battle breaks out!

“It’s my job to get them to accept the support of the troops, so please go to bed early and make sure you’re in good shape, Takumi-san.”

“I see. Well, I will do that.”

We decided to rest for tomorrow, since Velio-san had agreed to meet directly with the Adventurer’s Guild to organize the members who would be going out to defeat the enemy and to prepare the necessary supplies.

Evan-san and Scott-san turned down Velio-san’s offer to lend them rooms, and they went back to the inn, so we decided to meet at the Adventurer’s Guild tomorrow at six in the morning, at the first bell.

“”Onii~chan.””

I went back to my room, got ready for sleep, and climbed into bed early.

Then Allen and Elena called out to me in small voices.

“Hmm? What’s up?”

“Allen and…”

“Elena.”

“”Can’t we go too?””

… They hadn’t completely given up on the idea of coming with, it seems.

“You guys said that you will stay at home, didn’t you?”

“”Umiyu~””

Allen and Elena, lying on either side of me, clung to me and rubbed up against me.

I know it in my head, but does it mean they will feel lonely?

“When I get back from my assignment, the three of us will go out together.”

“”Definitely?””

“Yeah, definitely. Let’s make a promise, then?”

“”A promise!””

When I switched their thoughts from the idea of being left behind tomorrow to the next outing, their expressions changed from sad to happy. Will it be okay like this?

“Well, can you think of a place you’d like to go?”

“”Anywhere we want~?””

“Yes, anywhere is fine. It can be a request, or just to hang out. Just discuss it between the two of you and let me know later.”

“”Okay~””

I patted them both on the head and hugged them tightly.

“I’m so glad you two are such good kids!”

“”Ehehe~””

Allen and Elena rubbed against me even more happily.

“Then I’d better get on with finishing tomorrow’s order!”

“”Come back as soon as you can, okay”

“Roger that! Then let’s go to sleep, so we get done with it.”

“”Yeah, good night~””




Chapter 310

“Takumi-san, be careful.”

“”Onii~chan, be careful.”

The next morning, the children, Rebecca-san and Velio-san saw me off.

“I’m the Captain of the accompanying troops, Orlando.”

“I’m looking forward to working with you.”

“I’ve told Orlando to follow your instructions, Takumi-san, so if you need anything done, please don’t hesitate to ask.”

“Ehh!?”

It seems that the adventurers will basically be in charge of the battle, and the soldiers will only participate in the battle if the adventurers are in danger, and the rest of the time they will provide logistical support.

I was introduced to the captain who would be in charge of the soldiers, but for some reason I seemed to have some sort of command authority as well.

“Takumi-san, it’s if something happened… so you don’t have to think about it too much.”

“… Understood.”

Reading my hesitation, Velio-san took the initiative to explain. I can’t refuse it if I’m told like this.

“Allen, Elena, should I leave Joule and others with you?”

“”Nope.””

“Take them with.”

“You, Onii~chan.”

Before we left, I talked to the children again and suggested leaving Joule and the others behind so that they wouldn’t be lonely, but they refused.

“Huh, is that fine with you?”

“”Yeah.””

“If in trouble.”

“Call everyone, okay?”

It made me happy to hear why they refused.

I guess they were worried about me because we had a lot of enemies this time, so they wanted me to take Joule and the others with me.

“Thank you. I will properly call for everyone’s help if the situation gets out of control.”

“”Yeah, don’t get injured.””

“Got it. Then, I will see you later.”

“”Have a safe trip~””

When I went to the Adventurer’s Guild, many adventurers had already gathered there.

“Takumi, over here.”

Evan-san, who noticed my arrival, beckoned me over, calling out loudly.

“Good morning.”

“Morning. Everyone is already here.”

“Huh? Am I late?”

“No, we are just about to begin. Look, here he is.”

Noah-san, the Guild Master of the Adventurer’s Guild, instructed the adventurers to gather.

“Are we all here? Alright, listen up, everyone.”

Then, Noah-san explained the details of this subjugation.

It takes about half a day to reach the Orc nest by carriage. We will move out and meet up with the reconnaissance team ahead of us at a safe place near the site. We’ll reconfirm the situation, decide on a strategy, and start the subjugation the next morning.

“And lastly, we need to decide the leader… normally, the leader is supposed to be the one with the highest rank, but…”

“That’s Takumi.”

“Indeed.”

Noah-san, Evan-san, and Scott-san were looking at me. Furthermore, the gazes of the adventurers who noticed his gaze also turned towards me.

“Eh, that’s impossible for me!”

It’s too much to ask of me, so I refused with all my might.

“I thought so. Even though you are A-ranker, you still lack experience in this department~——In that case, I will leave it to you, Scott.”

I guess he didn’t really want to leave it to me from the beginning. Noah-san easily backed down and appointed Scott-san as the leader.

“Roger that.”

“Takumi, can you be the sub-leader?”

“Erm… if other adventurers have no objections?”

“Is there anyone who… has objections?”

I’m sure some of the adventurers don’t know who I am, but since I’ve already been mentioned as an A-ranked adventurer, no one objected, so I became the sub-leader.

“I’m counting on you all.”

After the preparations were complete, Noah-san and the other guild staff saw us off, and we set off.

We arrived at our destination a few hours later… after being shaken around by a carriage.

“Isn’t this a good place?”

“Yeah. Let’s make our camp here.”

After deciding on the location of the encampment, the adventurers who were good at covert action headed toward the Orc nest to meet up with the advance party. The remaining adventurers begin to prepare the camp.

“Takumi-san, let’s start the strategy meeting.”

After a while, the people who had gone to pick up the advance party returned, and we decided to have a meeting to share information.

“Thank you for your time. First, let me introduce myself. I’m Scott, the leader of the subjugation team.”

“I’m Takumi, the sub-leader.”

When Scott-san said his name, he glanced at me, so I introduced myself.

“I’m Cino. I’m coordinator of the reconnaissance team.”

“Any injuries?”

“None at all.”

Scott-san, myself, and Orlando-san were at the strategy meeting. The other ones were the leaders of each adventuring party, Evan-san, who was in the same party as Scott-san, and three members of the advance party.

“Let us hear the report please.”

“I have already reported the number of Orcs to be around two hundred. There are at least ten High Orcs, three Orc Mages and an Orc General.”

(……)

The leaders who were participating in the meeting froze with shocked expressions.

The adventurers said that they hoped there would be only a High Orc, even if it was a higher species. But they were shocked to hear that there were not one or two, but ten High Orcs, as well as Orc Mages and Orc Generals.

“Well… let’s plan a strategy, so we can take them down with our safety as the first priority.”

“Safely, you say! That’s impossible!”

“Right! Our forces are too small for this!”

The silence lasted for a while, and no one showed any signs of opening their mouths, so I spoke up, but… This had triggered the leaders to get excited and they started calling me reckless.

“What exactly is reckless about this?”

“Isn’t that obvious!? There are too many higher species!”

“So can we proceed if the higher species are out of the picture?”

“Well… yeah, somewhat. But! The reconnaissance has confirmed the presence of the higher species, so ‘if there are no higher species’ is a moot point!”

It seems that they will be able to deal with the large number of Orcs if there are no higher species present.

“Then, what if I said I would take on all the higher species?”

(Haah!?)

Everyone but me shouted at my words and froze in place.




Chapter 311

“Takumi, wait a minute. That’s reckless even for you, no?”

“Takumi-san, please calm down.”

Evan-san and Scott-san were the first to come to their senses and looked at me with troubled expressions.

“Ah~ so you think it’s reckless, too? So you mean that the higher species don’t act in a conveniently congealed manner? In that case, I have no idea what to do~”

That’s right~ If the higher species are scattered, even if I want to take care of them all, there’s a possibility that someone other than me will encounter them~.

So, one shot of advanced magic before it becomes a melee then?… Is what I wanted to say, but if anyone gets caught, they’ll end up getting hit as well, right~ Besides, it would be a shame if the meat of the higher species was torn to pieces. They said that the right to the material belongs to the person who kills the monster, so I want to kill them in their original form as much as possible.

“No! That’s not what we are saying! No, we are saying that matter how powerful you are, it’s impossible for you to take on the higher species by yourself!

“Takumi-san, I cannot approve of that plan either.”

When I voiced my idea about how I would defeat the higher species on my own, Evan-san and Scott-san were fiercely opposed.

“Isn’t it safest for me to take over, though? I might look like this, but I’m an A-ranker, after all.”

“You might look like this, you say… you are certainly the highest ranked one among us. But, you are also the youngest.”

“Eh? Age? Is that the problem?”

“We can’t leave all this to someone younger than us!”

“… Ehh~”

I didn’t expect Evan-san to bring up age as a reason for his opposition.

The members of the strike force are mostly in their late twenties to thirties. I think there are a couple of people in their forties as well? I certainly seem to be the youngest here, but there’s nothing I can do about that.

Rather, I’m originally 28… no, 29 around now, but I cannot say that~

“Then what kind of strategy are we going to use?”

“Well, about that…”

“It may be harsh to say, but you’re all intimidated by the number of higher ranking species, aren’t you? There’s no way to formulate a sound strategy, then.”

“Lo, look, maybe we can get more reinforcements.”

“You mean we should continue waiting for reinforcements to arrive?”

“Yeah, that’s what I thought.”

“I just want to get it over with and go home, though.”

“……”

When I expressed my true feelings to Evan-san, he first tried to argue with me, but eventually fell silent.

“Ah~ Takum-san, when you’re working with a group of people, you’re bound to have a few unexpected events…”

Scott-san was next. Although he didn’t say it directly, I think he was trying to say that I shouldn’t express my personal opinion too much. Well, in a way, what I’m saying is selfish, isn’t it?

“But, you know, if I come home late, there is a possibility that my children will come. That is, by sneaking into the reinforcements’ carriage, I guess? Wouldn’t that cause… cause more trouble?”

“……”

The twins cannot follow my scent like Joule and others, but you cannot underestimate the power of Allen and Elena’s actions.

Scott-san, who knows that the children I left at the Ruven mansion yesterday followed their intuition to find me at the inn in town, fell silent.

“So, what do you plan on doing? Call of the reinforcements?”

“… Takumi-san, you are such a bully. You make it difficult to call for help, and then you ask about it?”

“Hahaha~”

As I was trying to get the request done quickly, Scott-san glared at me.

“… Haah. Takumi-san, if. If we could gather the higher species in one place… could you defeat them?”

“Yes, no problem.”

Scott-san exhaled and asked me to check the facts. So I answer honestly.

“You are very certain about it.”

“I won’t tell you ‘probably’ with serious stuff like this. But, I have never encountered Orc Mages before~ I did not have any troubles with an Orc General of the same rank, so there shouldn’t be a problem? Besides, I have a very special trump card.”

If it turns out that it’s too much for me to handle, I won’t hesitate to call Joule and the others to help.

“Oh~… Orc Mages use magic but they can be defeated with a sword if you pay attention to their spells. On the other hand, Orc General is much tougher, so it should be more difficult to defeat, but… you did not have any troubles?”

“I was able to defeat it rather easily, you know?”

“… Is that so?”

Scott-san exhaled one more time. Moreover, the other adventurers and even Orlando-san let out a sigh.

“I’m more curious about your trump card…”

“My trump card? Well, it is a trump card, so I won’t tell you?”

I’m not going to tell you just yet.

“We need to know the strength of the people we are fighting with. Show me.”

“I’m not going to tell you, Evan-san, because you would be incapable of fighting.”

“What, is it that bad!?”

“Yes, it is. That’s why I called it a trump card.”

“You’re making me even more curious!”

Evan-san was very interested in my trump card. Well, I’m not going to tell you now.

“I won’t tell you. But, I will use it if you are in danger, Evan-san. Ahh, that being said, don’t pursue danger on purpose now.”

“As if I would do that!”

After hearing the exchange between me and Evan-san, the rest of them started laughing.

The tense atmosphere of a few moments ago was gone, and I quickly returned to the main topic of the discussion, which had gone off on a tangent.

“Is there a problem if we start the attack tomorrow morning?”

“Fine! Even if we call for support, the only people left in town are of a lower rank than us. We can’t simply prepare people for more headcount. It would be shameful if we were intimidated when you said you’d take on the higher species by yourself!”

This time, there were no voices of opposition, and one of the leaders spoke up with determination.

“Well, I guess it’s time for a strategy session.”

“You decide.”

“I’ll decide?”

“Yeah, you move us around as you see fit, so that you can move easier.”

I looked at the other leaders and they nodded in agreement. Finally, I looked at Scott-san and he nodded too, so I guess I can decide the strategy.

“Then let’s attack in a somewhat cohesive manner, in a position where we can follow each other.”

“Why don’t we surround the nest?”

Normally, it seems like they would put their forces in all directions to prevent any individuals from escaping… we won’t do that.

“The Orcs are such a large army, so I’m sure they won’t take the means of escape and will fight back. If that’s the case, we’d better not spread out our forces.”

“Yeah, that’s true.”

“The other reason is to avoid scattering the higher species of Orcs. If they are scattered all over the place, I won’t be able to respond in time.”

I’d like to avoid that, because slowing down the response to the higher species means danger for other adventurers.

“It’s just… we might need a separate unit.”

“Is it a unit that searches for people being held captive while the nest is thin?”

“Yes. There’s no guarantee that the nest will be completely empty, so it’s a bit risky to say the least.”

“Well then, I guess we will take on that mission.”

Cino, who was coordinating the reconnaissance team, came forward.

“Cino-san… or rather, the reconnaissance team… is going then?”

“Yeah, if we are to investigate, we might as well let someone who is good at stealth do it.”

“Isn’t your team tired, though? Some of the adventurers who arrived today are excellent at scouting…. huh, are they?”

“No problem. You are correct.”

The adventurers I met today were all new to me, so I knew very little about their abilities, but Scott-san was quick to follow up.

“No, it’ll be easier for us to move, since we have some knowledge of the inner workings of the nest.”

“That’s true. Then, we will leave it to you. But, please don’t overdo it.”

“Yeah, I know.”

“Then, If there are any people, rescue them and meet up with Orlando-san who will be standing by at the rear.——Orlando-san, your cooperation will be needed here.”

“Understood.”

After deciding on the general strategy, the meeting was dispersed with a detailed plan of action.




Chapter 312

After dinner, when everyone was in their tents, I went into the forest, away from the guards, and quietly called Joule and the others.

“Everyone, quietly.”

Sensing that I was paying attention to my surroundings, Joule and the others immediately killed any hint of their presence, nodded quietly, and listened. So I started by explaining that Allen and Elena weren’t here and that there’s an Orc battle tomorrow.

“If it’s too much for me to handle, I’ll need everyone to help out in the open.”

(Okay, got it. I’ll leave it to us.)

Joule answered on behalf of everyone, but they seemed to agree as they nodded their heads in agreement.

“But in that case, as I told you before, things might get pretty noisy.”

(We know. It might be annoying, but in return, we will be able to be with you and the kids all the time.)

(That’s right. It won’t be a problem.)

(Yes, things will be just all right.)

(Don’t worry about anything!)

(It will be okay!)

We had originally discussed whether to make their existence public, and at that time we decided to hide them for the time being, but since everyone’s attitude was that it didn’t matter either way, I didn’t have to panic about this matter this time.

“Okay, I’ll be brief, but Joule and Feat will stay in my shadow in case anything happens, I’ll call you to join the battle right then.”

(Got it~)

(Understood.)

“Bolt, I want you to watch over the other troops from the shadows, and help out if things look bad.”

(You can leave it to me.)

“Vector and Mile, if you see any Orcs escaping from the nest, sneak up on them and finish them off.”

(Yay~ I will go on a rampage~)

“Vector, I don’t know how this is going to play out, so for now, don’t make any obvious move! I’m sorry, Mile, but…”

(I will look after Vector well! You can leave him to me!)

After explaining our roles, I sent Joule and Feat back to my shadow, and asked Bolt, Vector, and Mile to stay in the forest, while I sneaked back to the tent.

The next morning, after we finished preparations, we moved closer to the Orc’s nest.

“Is everyone ready?”

“Ou!”

“I’m ready anytime!”

I will be the first one to attack.

“Wind Cutter.”

First of all, in order to wipe out the Orcs that were wandering around the nest, I released a lot of wind blades with a reasonable amount of magical power.

(Buhiiiiiii—)

A lot of Orcs scream and fell down.

“Oioioi! I didn’t know you could use magic with this much firepower!”

“How can it be so powerful when it’s only an elementary-level magic!”

“That’s an A-ranker for you!”

My fellow adventurers were stunned as they watched the decapitated Orcs fall to the ground.

“The Orcs are gathering. Don’t let your guard down!”

Evan-san scolded the stunned adventurers, and they all raised their weapons.

The Orcs in the nest gathered here with the yells the dying Orcs gave. I could see a few High Orcs here and there among them.

“Takumi, it’s the High Orcs. They are yours!”

“Roger that.——(Accelerate).”

I picked up the Water Sword and used the magic of acceleration to approach the High Orcs at once. I beheaded a few Orcs along the way.

“First one down.”

After killing the target, a High Orc, I went to the areas where we were short of hands and helped them reduce the number of Orcs. Then I killed another Hih Orc again. I then continue to repeat this process.

“Five down.”

As far as I could see, none of the adventurers were seriously injured, so things were going well so far. However, there were at least five more High Orcs left. In addition, the Orc General and Orc Mages did not show up.

“… There’s too few.”

“Indeed.”

We killed most of the Orcs here, and for some reason the battle calmed down for a while.

“Did they run off?”

“No, there’s no sign of them escaping. There are still a lot of higher species out there, aren’t there?”

“Yeah~”

“Well, let’s take that as a good sign and set up our position——”

(Buhiiiiiiiiiiii—)

I was going to check for injuries, but then I heard a very loud yell, and everyone became more alert.

“An Orc King!?”

One of the adventurers muttered in dismay when he spotted a large Orc among the mass of Orcs.

“It looks like the King has brought his entire force with him.”

An Orc King is an A-ranked monster. It seemed to be confident in its own strength, and was slowly making its way towards us with an army in tow.

“W, what do we do!?”

“Isn’t this too dangerous!?”

“S, shouldn’t we run!?”

In addition to the Orc King, there were Orc General, Orc Mages, the rest of the High Orcs, and numerous Orcs, so it was a pretty overwhelming sight. Some of the adventurers were naturally frightened.

“Even I’m scared because of that many troops.”

“Takumi-san, what should we do? Our morale is down.”

Evan-san and Scott-san came up to me. It seems that they want me to make a decision. Perhaps they are also filled with the feelings of wanting to retreat.

“I’ll go. Can you just take care of the leftovers?”

“Wha? Wait a minute!”

As I started to run towards the Orc army, Evan-san and Scott-san came after me from behind.

“Evan-san. Scott-san, too…”

“”I can’t let you do this alone, Takumi!”

“Takumi-san, we’ll keep you company.”

Apparently, both of them are willing to go along with what I was trying to do.

“Wind. Reap my enemies apart, Wind Edge!!”

(Buhiiiiiiiiii—)

In a position where I was almost in contact with the Orcs, I unleashed an advanced magic that I’ve only used once before——when I defeated the Evil Viper in the Gaya Forest. However, since I couldn’t put my magical power into it as carefully as I did at that time, I was only able to kill a lot of Orcs and High Orcs, but the other higher species were almost unharmed.

“Wind Cutter.”

“Buhiiii!!”

I tried to kill all of the King’s guards first, this time with a smaller but more numerous magic spell, but the Orc King blocked the wind with a large axe he wielded.

“It blocked it. In that case, how about this!——Air Hammer.”

I hit the Orc General and the Orc Mages with air pressure to restrict their movements.

Since it was an invisible attack from above, it was not blocked this time. Well, it wasn’t able to defeat them.

“Evan-san! Scott-san! I will limit the movements of the General and the Mages for now, so can you take care of the Orcs first?”

“Leave it to us!”

“Roger that!”

I asked Evan-san and Scott-san to take care of the remaining Orcs and High Orcs.

Perhaps it’s because I have cut down most of the Orc army, but I could see the other adventurers regaining their composure and running towards us to join the battle, so we should be fine.

“Buhiiiii!”

“Oops!——Air Shield.”

The Orc King swung his Greataxe down at me. When I caught it with my wind shield——crack, it made a loud noise.

“Heavy!”

The Orc King pushed his Greataxe in with even more force, and I poured magical power into my wind shield to withstand it.

It was quite difficult to deal with the Orc King while maintaining pressure that kept the higher species at bay… but this is where I have to do my best.




Chapter 313

“Takumi-san, are you okay!?”

“Yes, I’m okay!”

As I continued to compare my strength with the Orc King’s Greataxe and my wind shield, Scott-san, who was worried about me, called out to me. There’s too much of a difference in size, and the Orc King utilizes it by swinging down his Greataxe right from above me… Well, of course he would be worried.

“Oh!”

I jumped backwards to get some distance from the Orc King.

“Air Shot.”

(Buhiiiiii!)

“It really is tough~”

This time, I tried to hit it with multiple air bullets in multiple places, but it didn’t seem much of a response.

“Accelerate.”

I took a stance with my Water Katana, and as I swiftly slipped through under the Orc King’s arm, I aimed at the arm he held the Greataxe in and slashed down.

(Buhiiiiiiiiiiiiii!!)

Just as I intended, I succeeded in chopping off one of the Orc King’s arms.

To prevent the Orc King from using the Greataxe in its other hand, I secured and stored in the Infinite Storage along with the arm that I chopped off.

(Buhiiii!)

“Whoah!”

The Orc King’s scream was immediately followed by the fierce resistance of the Orc General, which had been suppressed by air pressure.

(Buhiiiiiiii)

“Whoops!——Ah, crap!”

In addition to the Orc General’s resistance, the Orc King, who was suffering from pain, threw itself towards me.

I dodged as quickly as I could, but the magic I had been devoting to air pressure was a little disrupted, and the Orc General took advantage of the opportunity to break free!

“I will be your opponent!”

Evan-san, who was the first to notice the Orc General’s movement, confronted the Orc General.

“Kuh!”

“Hah!”

(Buhi!)

Evan-san caught the sword swung by the Orc General with his big sword, and when it stopped moving, Scott-san immediately attacked.

But the Orc General caught Scott-san’s attack with its bare hands, and then pushed back Evan-san’s big sword.

(Buhiii!)

The Orc General followed up with another attack. Evan-san was attacked and blown backwards.

“Evan-san!!——Air Shield.”

Just as I was about to run up to Evan-san, the Orc King swung its fist down at me. I was able to use my wind shield to block it at a hair’s breadth.

“Joule! Feat!”

I immediately summoned Joule and Feat.

(Oniichan, is it my turn?)

(It doesn’t seem like things went well.)

“Take care of the Orc General and the Orc Mages, please!”

(Roger that!)

(All right!)

I gave a brief order, and Joule and Feat immediately ran toward the targets.

I checked the rear while dealing with the Orc King. I saw Scott-san running while holding Evan-san. He looked relieved, so I’m sure the injuries are not life-threatening.

This is the result of overconfidence in my own strength, though. If I had brought Joule and the Feat in from the beginning, this would not have happened… such regret was growing within me.

With the air pressure released, and the Orc King’s fist repelled by the wind shield, I faced the Orc King again.

“Now, let’s get serious.”

(Buhiiiiiiiiiii!!)

As if responding to my declaration, the Orc King yelled.

“Air Shot, Fireball.”

First, I shot air bullets engulfed in flame.

In addition to being a one-armed, the Orc King had no weapons, so it could defend only against a few of the bullets that I fired at it.

“Air Shot, Fireball, Accelerate——This is the end!”

Thinking that I could end this quickly, I repeated the same magic again and used acceleration magic to get closer and cut off his head. I ended this on a slightly vindictive note.

“And the rest!”

After finishing off the Orc King, I looked around and saw that the battle was already over. I also searched for signs of life, but there seemed to be no remnants of Orcs. I let out a sigh of relief and saw Joule and Feat rushing towards me.

(Oniichan, we are done here.)

(Niisama, are you hurt?)

“I’m not. Thank you, Joule, Feat. Erm… everyone is going to be intimidated seeing you like this, can you make yourselves smaller first?”

(Got it~)

(Of course.)

I stroked Joule and Feat, and asked them to enter their small forms. I noticed that the adventurers were looking at us from a distance, so I wanted to make them feel less intimidated.

“Scott-san! How is Evan-san!?”

I told Joule and Feat to wait for a moment, and I hurried over to the collapsed Evan-san.

“He’s unconscious, but there are no serious injuries, and he should wake up soon.”

“… I see. Thank God~”

It looked like he had been blown away, but he didn’t seem to be injured. When I heard that, I let out a sigh of relief again.

“I’ve got a lot of questions I want to ask you, but I’ll get back to you on that after we get settled. For now, let’s give priority to treating the injured and cleaning up.”

“Ah~ yes, that’s right. I’ll go check on the injured then.”

“No, Takumi-san, the number of Orcs you have killed is far greater than the others, so please go collect the materials. Look, your familiars are gathering the Orcs with their utmost effort.”

“What? Whoah, they really are!”

When I turned around after hearing Scott-san’s words, I saw Joule and Feat gathering the Orc carcasses in one place. After I was told no by Scott-san, I went back to Joule and Feat, who were wagging their tails happily.

(Oniichan, we gathered them in one place!)

(We took only those we could confirm. Niisama, how many Orcs have you defeated?)

The monster materials belong to the one who defeats it. I don’t know if Joule and Feat know this, but they gathered the higher species and Orcs they had defeated beside the corpse of the Orc King, and also asked me how many I had defeated in total.

“Erm… quiet a lot? Those with severed heads were mostly killed by me.”

(Oh my, it’s easy to tell them apart then.)

(Right. Then, we will gather those too, so you can put the ones here away in the meantime, Oniichan.)

They are too quick to act. Joule and Feat weaved through the adventurers and started collecting the Orc carcasses.

I did as I was told and put the Orc King and other carcasses into the Infinite Storage, then followed Joule and Feat.




Chapter 314

(You defeated so many, Oniichan~)

“Yeah. I didn’t think it was this many~”

The number of dead Orcs collected exceeded a hundred. I was surprised at the number of Orcs I had defeated.

(You defeated most of the higher species as well, didn’t you?)

“That’s right. But even though I boldly stated that I would deal with all the higher species, one of them slipped through~”

I knew that one of the High Orcs had escaped the magic when I released the advanced magic, but I had my hands full trying to hold off the Orc General and Orc Mages while dealing with the Orc King.

So it was left out in the open with the Orcs, and Evan-san had to take it down on his own.

“Things always go well, so I must have gotten overconfident~”

(Even though there are injured, no one died, right? That’s good! It means you did your job perfectly, Oniichan.)

(Indeed. Niisama, there were unforeseen circumstances this time, right? Despite the presence of the Orc King, you managed to do as planned from the most part, so there shouldn’t be a problem.)

“… You think so?”

((Yeah!))

When I let out a sigh, Joule and Feat comforted me.

“Thank you, Joule, Feat.”

(I just stated the facts~)

When I thanked them, Joule jumped as fast as he could into my bosom. I promptly embraced him, and he nudged to me as if he wanted to get petted, so I petted him to his heart’s content.

(Fufu, it was precious to see Niisama dejected~)

As I was pampering Joule, Feat was smiling with satisfaction.

Feat’s big sister points increased once again~

After collecting the Orcs, we cleaned up the Orc nest… To tell you the truth, this was much more troublesome than the battle. And it took a lot of time.

Destroying and burning a number of huts and checking the inside of the cave was… a really hard work.

“…~”

“Ah, Evan-san, have you came to?”

We had finished cleaning up and were resting back at the camp when Evan-san woke up.

“What’s up with the dog and cat?”

“They are my contracted beasts.”

Evan-san’s first words were about Joule and Feat, who I was holding.

Since the others already knew about Joule and Feat, I didn’t let them back into the shadow, but worked with them all the while.

“Contracted beasts? Not pets?”

“Contracted beasts. And, my trump card. Well, these are their temporary forms, though.”

“Nn?”

Evan-san tilted his head curiously.

Since Joule and Feat were in their smaller forms, Evan-san didn’t think they looked like monsters.

The adventurer who was close enough to know who they were was grinning, perhaps imagining Evan-san’s surprise when I revealed their true identities. Or rather, several people asked me to reveal them in front of Evan-san when he wakes up without telling him anything beforehand.

“Would you like to see their true forms?”

“Y, yeah.”

“Joule, Feat, show Evan-san your true forms.”

(Got it~!)

(Fufu, all right.)

“Whoah!!”

When I asked Joule and Feat to return to their original forms, Evan-san screamed out.

Well, if Fenrir and a Celestial Tiger suddenly appeared before you… you would scream~

“Haah!? Eh? Ehhh!?”

Evan-san was greatly perplexed.

(Niichan, what’s the ruckus about~?)

(Ah, we were showing off Joule and Feat’s true forms.)

(So that’s what the shout was about, I see!)

Vector, Bolt, and Mile, who had already joined us earlier, also came nearby to see what was going on.

“Hey! Waaaaat!?”

Evan-san shouted again.

The adventurers around us were laughing at Evan-san’s appearance. Though I say that, they were also screaming like Evan-san a while ago.

“S, Scarlet King Leo!!”

Everyone was surprised by Vector. Vector is mainly in his smaller form, but… everyone can tell that he is “THE” Scarlet King Leo~

“Darn… I got tired from shouting…”

“Erm… thank you for your hard work?”

“Takumi, you! What is up with the races and number of your Contracted beasts! That’s way out of the norm!”

“Everyone is a good child, you know?”

“I’m not talking about thaaat!”

Evan-san was giving me a lecture(?), but it was not very impactful because he was petting Joule while at it.

I’m not sure if the petting felt good or something, but Joule had a melting expression on his face.

(Ah~ that’s quite a good petting technique. I think it’s the second best after Oniichan?)

“Evan-san, Joule says that it feels good.”

“Oh, really?——Alright, alright, how about this?”

(Ah~ there, right there~)

Evan-san began stroking, or rather massaging, Joule in earnest, so the lecture somehow fizzled out, and I was released.

After camping out for the night, we traveled early in the morning and returned to the city of Rubia in the early afternoon.

“”Onii~chan!””

“Allen, Elena! I’m back~”

When I entered the Adventurer’s Guild, Allen and Elena were waiting for me, and jumped into my arms to hug me, so I hugged them as tight as I could.

I’m sure that the Ruven family knew we were coming home at this time, since a few of us were already sent back to the town yesterday to report in.

“Have you been good~?”

“”We were good!””

“Is that so? Good boy, good girl.”

“”Onii~chan? Any injuries?””

“None at all. I had Joule and others help me, too.”

“”I see~””

Their presence has become known, but Joule and the others have returned to the shadow for now. I can’t just walk around with them in the town, as it might cause a commotion.

“Takumi-kun, welcome back.”

“Takumi-san, are you injured?”

“Velio-san, Rebecca-san, too? Ah, I’m back.”

Velio-san and Rebecca-san were at the Guild, too.

“I need to hear the report of the attack.”

“And I came with the children.”

… Well, of course.

“I thought so. Oh, I’ll give you a detailed report later, but we did a good job of defeating them. And thank you for taking care of the kids.”

“Takumi-san, we should be the ones thanking you.”

“That’s right. Thank you, Takumi-kun.”

When I thanked Velio-san and Rebecca-san, they thanked me in return. They both seemed relieved, since it was their territory that was affected.

“Now then, let’s finish the report.——Allen, Elena, I have things to report, so please wait a little longer.”

“”Ehh~””

When I told them to stay without me for a little longer, since I had to report to the Guild, Allen and Elena let out frustrated voices.

“We got a lot of meat, so we can have a meat party after the report is done.”

“”Ohhh~””

“Okay, I’m off then.”

“”Got it~. Will be waiting~””

I left the children to Rebecca-san for a little while longer, and moved with Velio-san and Evan-san to the Guild Master’s office to finish our report. The Orcs were well annihilated and no one was captured. And of course, the Orc King. It was a very surprising report, and Velio-san and Noah-san’s eyes widened in shock.

After the report, I promised the kids a meat party, but… for some reason it was held in the Adventurer’s Guild cafeteria. It was a mix of members who had gone to defeat the Orcs with me and adventurers from the Adventurer’s Guild. It was a great time, and we had a lot of fun.




Chapter 315

A few days have passed since the Orcs were subjugated. For the past few days, I’ve been busy with reports and materials… mainly cleaning up after myself, and now that I finally had some free time, I decided to fulfill my promise to the kids.

When I went out to exterminate the Orcs, I had promised the kids that we would go wherever they wanted when I came back as a compensation for staying at home.

“Allen, Elena, have you decided where to go?”

“”You see, you see!””

When I asked them where they wanted to go, they broke into big smiles.

“Allen.”

“And Elena.”

“”Want to go on a boat!””

It wasn’t a place, but Allen and Elena knew exactly what they wanted to do.

“The one we saw at the port?”

“”Yeah!””

“The big one or the small one?”

““The big one!””

If it’s a big one, then it’s not a fishing boat, but a merchant ship.

“Well, we have to find a boat to get on. I guess we are going to the port to gather information today.”

“”Got it~!””

As expected, going immediately is a bit… impossible, so I decided to go to the port first to find out the set off date and destinations of the ships.

“”Boat~ big boat~♪””

Allen and Elena sang cheerfully as we walked toward the port.

“Now then, a passanger ship business… over there?”

“”Boat signboard~!””

“Indeed. Let’s go there to inquire.”

“”Yeah!””

First, we headed to the store with the sign we saw.

“Hello~”

“”Hello~””

“Welcome.”

“Excuse me, does this store have dealings with merchant ships as well?”

“Yes, that’s correct.”

Looks like we found the right store.

“Would you like to board? Or are you here for a package delivery?”

“I’d like to get on a ship, what is the destination of the ships that leave from here?”

I asked the woman at the reception desk where the ships were going.

“Most of them go to a town called Byld in the country of Serdik. There are also a few that go north to Argo and Creta, and domestically in Guardia, to the town of Yoran.”

Heeh~ so the ships going to three countries? The town of Yoran is in the southeast Guardia, right in the middle of Rubia and Bailey.

“Allen, Elena, where do you want to go?”

“”Place we have never been to!””

“Haha, we have never been to either of these places~”

We have never been to the town of Yoran, nor to the seaside towns of Argo and Creta. And we have never been in the country of Serdik itself.

“Let’s see~ since we are going on a trip, we may as well go all the way to Serdik?”

“”Yeah, sounds good!””

So we decided to go to town called Byld, which was in the country of Serdik.

“If you’d like to go to Byld, the size of the ship varies from time to time, but the departure is every three days.”

“Heeh~ they are departing quite often then. Let’s see~ the kids would like to get on the biggest ship, I guess?”

“If that’s the case, then the ship leaving in five days would be the most suitable. It’s just the speed of the ship is a little slower, it leaves in the morning and arrives two days later at noon.”

So we’ll be staying on the ship for two nights. That’s not a problem.

“Then, I would like to make a reservation for an adult and two children on a ship to the town of Byld in five days.”

“Erm… I’m sorry since I recommended it myself, but…”

“Ah, is it perhaps full?”

“No, there’s still space available, but… I think the rank of the rooms that are available might be a bit unsuitable.”

The receptionist looked very uncomfortable.

Room rank. That’s right, it’s not a flat boarding fee, is it?

“Well… can you tell me about the room rank first?”

“Yes, there are four ranks of rooms in total. I’ll start from the top, the first one is the special room, which is a private room with a large bedroom, bathroom, and terrace. Next is the first-class room, which is only a bedroom, but it is a private room. The second-class room is a shared room for four people with bunk beds. Third-class rooms are shared by 10 to 12 people.”

Private rooms and shared rooms. Well, the ideal is a private room, right?

“So, what ranks are the rooms that are available?”

“We have special rooms and third-class rooms available.”

“I see.”

I’m sure she was reluctant to recommend either of them because the special rooms were expensive, marketed towards the nobles and wealthy people, and the shared rooms for large groups were not suitable for me, who is with children.

“Alright, we will take the special room then.”

“… Eh?”

When I asked for a special room reservation, the receptionist froze with a surprised expression.

“T, the special room is quite expensive, are you sure?”

“Yes, it’s not a problem.”

“Are you really sure?”

The receptionist reconfirmed my decision to board the ship before stating the exact price, but I’m sure our earnings are on par with those of the nobility and wealthy families.

“I’m an A-ranked adventurer, so I do make some money.”

“I, I see. I apologize. Let’s make the reservation then.”

Half of the fee is to be paid in advance, and the other half is to be paid when you board the ship, so I quickly paid the advance fee.

By the way, the fee was equal to the money we earn for a single herb collection trip. Surprisingly cheap for us, I thought. But… it seems to be enough money for an average family to live on for a couple of months.

“So we have five days to prepare, including today.”

Now that we had successfully booked a room on the ship, we started to prepare for the trip.

However, there are plenty of supplies in the Infinite Storage, so there’s almost nothing to prepare again. Oh, but I do need to check what I need for a trip on a ship. And to buy what I don’t have.

The rest is mainly greetings. After we go to Serdik, we’ll be heading directly to the royal capital to attend Wald-sama’s wedding that will be coming later.

But since you could call Rubia our hometown, it’s not like we won’t be coming back, so we’ll just say, “We are going out for a while.”

“Shall we just wander around the town today, do some shopping, and finally visit the Adventurer’s Guild?”

“”Yeah!””

Since we would not be able to see Rebecca-san and the others again for a while, I told Allen and Elena to play hard while they could, and they replied with big smiles on their faces.

When we were in the capital, they cried when Rebecca-san left, but this time they don’t seem so sad. I wonder if it’s different because we’re leaving ourselves this time? Or is it because they have plans to meet soon?

“Aren’t you sad to say goodbye this time?”

“”You see, you see~””

I was curious about the children’s feelings, so I decided to ask them directly.

“Will get.”

“Let’s of souvenirs.”

“”And so.””

“Will make big surprise.”

“And lots of happiness.”

“I see.”

The two of them had learned to prepare lots of gifts and stories to please and surprise everyone, and now they were looking forward to the next time they meet instead.

“That’s right. Let’s prepare lots of souvenirs.”

“”Yeah! Onii~chan, let’s find a dragon!””

They seemed to still remember the story about preparing dragon meat as a souvenir, and were quite enthusiastic about it




Chapter 316

“Alright, we are off then.”

“”We are off!””

“Takumi-san, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, take care.”

“A~u.”

“Takumi-kun, see you in the Capital.”

“Safe travels.”

We were seen off by Rebecca-san, Lucario-kun, Velio-san and Almeria-san as we left the mansion.

Five days ago, I told the Ruven family that we were going on a voyage, but they weren’t surprised. That’s because, after coming back, I asked the children, “Where would you like to go as a reward?” they said, “”On a boat!””. So they were expecting that we would be going on a voyage soon.

“Lonely already?”

“”… Just a bit.””

After leaving the mansion, the children glanced back at me and I patted them both on the head.

“We will be in Serdik only for the fall season at most. We’ll be back in the Capital by the time winter comes, so we’ll see each other again soon.”

“”Yeah, that’s right!””

It’s still summer now, but it’s about to get cooler. However, we can meet again in two or three months. Or we can also go sightseeing just for a few days and then quickly come back to Rubia if necessary.

“”So big!””

“Indeed. Wait, we are getting on this ship!?”

“”Ohh~””

As soon as we arrived at the port, we noticed that there was a large ship docked there. And on the pier connecting the ship to the land, there was a sign for the store we had booked the tickets at.

“Good morning. We have been expecting you.”

As we approached the ship, I saw the receptionist from when we made the reservation.

“”Is this the ship?””

“Yes, that’s correct.”

“”Wow!””

As I thought, this was the ship.

“I didn’t think it would be this big.”

“It’s the biggest ship that our company owns.”

“Heeh~ I’m looking forward to riding it.”

“Dear customers, we will do our best to make your trip as safe as possible, and we hope you enjoy it.”

“Yes, we will be in your care.”

We paid the fee, boarded the ship and were shown to the room we were renting.

“This is your room.”

“”Ohh~””

“This is amazing.”

It was a room with furniture and supplies that I could tell at a glance were of high quality.

“Is it to your liking?”

“Yes, it’s a very nice room.”

I don’t know if we will be able to settle here as if at home, but it’s definitely a nice room.

“I’m sorry to trouble you, but would you mind channeling your magic power here?”

“What’s this?”

“We register the room’s occupants with magic power. The room will be locked automatically, so when you enter or leave the room, please channel your magic power here to open the door.”

“Heeh~ so there is this kind of magic tools as well.”

This room seems to be an automatic lock.

The magic tool was installed on both sides of the door, and it can distinct magic power to unlock the door. So, not only do you need it to enter the room, but you also need to activate the magic tool when you leave the room.

“Thank you. Could the children also register?”

“Allen, Elena, channel your magic power in here.”

“”Okay~””

We did as we were told and poured the magic power into the magic tool on the entrance door.

“Will anyone else be able to get in and out of this room?”

“No, only the Captain. Other than that, neither the crew nor anyone who has used this room before will be able to open it. The Captain has access to all rooms in case of emergency.”

“Ah yes, that is certainly necessary.”

If the person who rents the room can’t open the door when something happens inside, they couldn’t be helped otherwise. They seem to have thought it through properly.

“”It’s moving~””

“Truly, it seems we are departing.”

As we were checking the room, we noticed that the view from the window had started to move.

“Allen, Elena, let’s go out on the terrace.”

“”Okay, let’s go~””

We decided to go out to the terrace to watch the ship sail.

“”It’s getting away~””

“Indeed.”

“”Ah! Obaa~sama!””

“Eh!? Where?”

“”Over there!””

“Hm? Ah, you are right!”

The ship was docked sideways along the land, and the terrace of the room we rented was facing the land, so we could see the ship gradually moving away from the port.

As we were watching the land move away with a bit of sadness, the kids spotted Rebecca-san at the port. It seemed she had come to see us off.

“”Obaa~sama~!!””

Allen and Elena waved their hands, shouting loudly, and Rebecca-san seemed to have noticed them and waved back.

As expected, the lady Rebecca-san did not raise her voice, but her mouth was moving in small movements. I don’t know how to read lips, but I felt as if she was saying, “Have a safe trip.”

“She didn’t tell me she was going to see us off… but, I’m happy she came.”

“”Yeah! You see! Will bring the best souvenirs!””

“Haha, of course.”

We looked at the port from the terrace until the ship moved on and Rebecca-san was out of sight, then we decided to go on the deck.

“Oh, by the way, are you feeling okay? Are you feeling sick or anything?”

“”Is fine~!””

“Okay. That’s good, but if you feel sick, tell me right away.”

“”Okay~””

It was my first time on a ship. I was worried that I might get seasick, but it seemed to be no problem. I had prepared some anti-sickness medication, but so far it didn’t seem to be necessary for me or the kids.

“”Ohh~””

We stepped out onto the deck and the kids immediately started running towards the bow.

“The floor might be wet so watch your steps.”

“”Yeah~””

If they slipped and fell into the sea… would be a disaster, but I don’t think that would happen to my kids if I caution them, so they should be fine even if I don’t stop them.

“”Ohh~””

When we got to the bow of the ship, the kids looked into the sea with astonishment.

“What is it? What do you see?”

“”The sea is bashaan!””

“N?——Ah, this?”

I couldn’t understand what they were saying, so I looked down, too. What I saw was the ship pushing its way through the sea, creating waves as it sailed. I’m sure this is what they were talking about.

“”Hya! So cold!””

The children let out a cute scream as they seemed to be splashed by the water.

They were screaming, they were going, “”Kya~ kya~”” so I guess they were enjoying it.

“You are going to fall off~”

“”Is fine~ won’t fall~””

They were leaning forward quite a bit, trying to get splashed, so I warned them again.

“”That was fun~””

“Ahh~ you are all soaked~”

“”Dry us~””

“Yes, yes, stay still then.”

“”Yeah~””

Allen and Elena were soaking wet from the water splashing, so I quickly dried them with magic.

“All good.”

“”Thank you.””

“You are welcome. What do you want to do next?”

“Explore.”

“The ship~!”

“Roger that. Don’t be making too much noise inside, though.”

“”Okay~””

After enjoying the deck to the fullest, we decided to explore the inside of the ship.




Chapter 317

“Yo!”

“Hello.”

“Eh!? Wait a moment! Ehh? Seriously, wait!”

While exploring the ship, I spotted Evan-san and Scott-san.

"That's it! I wanted to see Takumi's reaction to this!”

"No, why are you here!?”

"We were offered an escort request, so we took it.”

"What?”

"The merchant ships are usually manned by the Merchant Guild's own guards, but the Adventurer's Guild was suddenly asked to provide an escort. The guild was short on manpower this time, so the Guild Master asked us if we were interested.”

I couldn't quite understand Evan-san's story, so I turned to Scott-san, and he explained the details to me.

“They are short on guards? Did something happen?”

“Looters, probably.”

“””Looters?”””

“”Buh!””

When we heard the reason for the shortage, the kids and I asked the same question. Then Evan-san and Scott-san bursted out laughing.

"Th, three people tilting their heads at the same time!”

"It's a sign that they are on the same page.”

...... Apparently, the kids and I were not only saying the same thing, but also making the same gesture.

What a coincidence.

“What do you mean by looters?”

“You guys really do get along, huh~ By looters we mean just that. Plunderers. Pirates.”

“Ah, I see. That kind of looters.”

Oh, that reminds me, there was something about pirates in the travel warnings. It was only a faint mention, though.

“”Bad guys?””

“Indeed.”

“”Will beat them up~!””

“I'd rather they didn't appear, but if they do, it's Evan-san’s and Scott-san’s job to deal with them.”

“What about Allen~?”

“And Elena~?”

“You will be obediently waiting on standby?”

“”Ehh~~~””

I'll have to stop the kids from trying to beat the pirates to death.

"So, what's the actual situation?”

"It seems that they have been attacked frequently lately, but only by small and medium-sized ships. This ship is large, so it's unlikely to be targeted. Oh, this is behind the scenes stuff, so don't spread it around.”

"Yes, sir."

Even if the possibility of being attacked is low, the Company must be very wary, because they have requested the Adventurer's Guild to increase the number of guards.

"So, you guys are working now?”

"That's right. I mean, if the voyage is peaceful, we will just be patrolling.”

"Is that so?”

"Yeah, it’s also part of our job to deal with customers.”

"... That sounds like a stretch, though~ But if you guys are okay with it, can you give us a tour of the ship?”

"Ou, leave it to us.”

So we resumed our exploration of the ship, with Evan-san and Scott-san showing us around.

"”This place~?””

"The dining hall.”

“”Meal~?””

"Yeah, if you're in first or second class, you should be able to come here and get three meals a day.”

"Huh? There are no meals for the third class?”

"No, if you order it in advance, it will be served. However, the ship's meals are a bit more expensive than regular meals, so many of those who take third-class cabins resort to eating portable meals.”

"Oh, I see.”

The food in the special-class rooms was brought straight to the customers, so we hadn't received any explanation about this. Therefore, it was all new information to us.

"Oi, it feels like you've never heard of about this before. Didn't they explain it to you when you got on the ship? Is this a dereliction of duty on the part of the crew? Where your guys’ room at?"

Evan-san’s expression turned grim as he sensed that we hadn't been briefed.

"Our room? It's a special-class room.”

"Whoah, a special-class room?”

"Oh my, that's very fancy.”

But when Evan-san heard that we were renting a special room, his expression changed to one of surprise. Scott-san was also surprised.

"The only rooms available at that time were the special-class rooms and third-class rooms.”

"Oh well, I guess you would choose the special-class then. Takumi-san seems to have a lot of money, after all.”

"Now that you mention it, you're right.”

The two of them, who knew more than a little about how much money we were making, looked convinced.

“The room.”

“Was amazing.”

“It’s that incredible? I would like to see it.”

“”Sure.””

“Oh, you will show me? I will take your word for it.”

“”Yeah, come.””

Evan-san and the kids are really good friends, aren't they?

While thinking that------

"I wonder if they're close in mental age?”

"......"

I'm not sure if Scott-san was thinking the same thing I did, but he muttered some harsh words toward Evan-san.

Evan-san didn't seem to hear him, so he didn't raise his voice in rebuttal.

"If you are serious, we have a break in the evening. We will intrude then."

“”Evening~?””

"Yeah.”

“”Okay~ will be waiting!””

"Oh, in that case, would you like to join us for dinner?”

I have no problem inviting Evan-san and Scott-san to our room. The room is very big, after all.

I invited them to have dinner with us.

"It's nice of you to invite us, but our food is for the employees, so it would be a little… difficult to eat alongside the food served in the special-class rooms.”

"I wouldn't be so mean as to eat different meals in the same place.”

The food in the special-class room and the employee's food would definitely be different in terms of luxury. I’m aware of that.

"I'm sure we can order more. Even if we can't, I'll serve you the food I have on hand, and you can have the employees' meals for a midnight snack.”

"As tempting as it is to eat the special-class room’s food, I'd rather eat your food, Takumi!”

"Is that so? If you are fine with my food, I won’t be ordering more than?”

“Ou!”

It doesn’t feel bad when people say that my food is better than the food served in the special-class room.

"Takumi-san, are you really sure about this?”

"Of course I am. The more, the merrier.”

“”Yeah, more fun!””

"So if you don't mind, please come by all means, Scott-san.”

Scott-san seemed hesitant, so I asked him again, and he seemed to be happy.

“”Will be waiting~””

Even though it was part of their job to show the guests around, we couldn't keep them in custody, so we decided to split up.

Then, in the evening. As promised, Evan-san and Scott-san came to visit our room… but seeing the interior of the room, Evan-san was excited together with the kids like a child.




Chapter 318

Second day of the voyage. It was another beautiful day.

“"Are there any fish?"”

Once on deck, Allen and Elena climbed up on the railing and peered into the ocean.

"How was it, did you see any fish?"

“”None~””

"I see, that's too bad.”

“”Will come if we call?””

At first the children were disappointed, but then they clapped their hands and called the fish.

“”Come koi~””

This is… the gesture I made when I called the koi in the pond~

However, if the koi are used to being fed, they might come to us, but fish in the ocean won't come.

“”They came~!””

“Eh? No ways!?”

“”So many, look!””

The kids raised their voices in cheerful mood, so I hurriedly peeked in the water.

“Whoah, you are right.”

I could clearly see numerous fish flapping and jumping in front of the ship.

“Seeing this many fish at once is actually quite unpleasant.”

If there were so many fish so close to the ship, wouldn't it cause problems with the ship's progress?

“The hell is this!”

“Whoah, amazing~”

The other passengers seemed to have noticed the fish and hurried to call the crew.

“Excuse me, customers. Have you been baiting the fish?”

“No, we haven’t.”

The sailor came over to us near where the fish were most concentrated.

There were so many fish that he suspected we had baited the area.

“”They came when we called~””

Allen and Elena moved to a different location and called out for more fish, and a large number of them moved closer to the children.

“”See?””

“””Ehh~~~”””

When the crew and passengers saw this scene, they were stunned and astonished(?)

“We didn’t bait them, but you could say that the cause was us? Is it dangerous for this many fish gathering at the sides of the ship, after all?”

“N, no, there shouldn’t be a problem if they are at the sides, but if by any chance they were at the stern, then…”

I know that the ships are powered by magic stones, not engines, but I don't know how it works. The sailors are slurring their words, but I guess there are propellers or drains at the stern, and if they got clogged up, we would be in trouble.

“Allen, Elena, the ship might encounter difficulties if there are too many fish around, so let’s not call for them again, okay?”

“”Okay------Bye-bye~!””

“””””Ehh~~~”””””

When Allen and Elena waved their hands, the fish scattered in unison. When the sailors and passengers saw this, they were once again stunned and yelled out. And since more people had gathered to see what was going on, there were more voices than before.

“Excuse us for the ruckus.”

“N, no, I’m sorry for doubting you.”

I quickly apologized and put the matter to rest as if nothing had happened.

“”Ah!””

“N? It’s raining?”

“”Rain~?””

After the fish incident was over, we were still hanging out on deck when I heard something fall------a sound of something hitting the deck. Is it rain? I looked up to see that the sky was still blue.

“The weather is still beautiful.”

“”Yeah~””

I thought it started raining, but it doesn't look like it.

“What is that?”

I looked up and down the deck and saw a few colorful balls the size of my pinky fingernails lying around. I picked them up and immediately looked them up with Appraisal.

“”What is it?””

“Erm… a sugar candy?”

“”Is it sweet?””

“That seems to be the case, but… why are they falling from the skies?”

It seemed that what had been falling was… Konpeito?

I've never heard of such a phenomenon, but I wonder if it's common in Aetherdia?

“”Can we eat?””

“Well~ eating something that had fallen on the floor wouldn’t be good.”

I don't want them to eat anything that has fallen on the floor in a place where many people are walking about. But that doesn't mean we should simply wash them, so I told the kids to give up.

“”Ah!””

Then Allen and Elena caught the falling sugar candy in the air.

“”How about this~?””

“... Well, I guess it’s fine.”

“”Yay~””

If candy that falls to the floor is no good, then the candy that doesn’t fall… is the logic here.

The Konpeito itself wasn’t anything weird since it said it was “Edible”, so when I gave them permission to eat, the twins popped the candy into their mouths.

“”Ohh~””

The kids let out astonished voices and laughed in satisfaction.

“Is it yummy?”

“”Yummy!------Ah!””

The two of them quickly catch the falling Konpeito.

“”Ohh!””

The two of them continued to catch the Konpeito that fell at regular intervals.

“Here, use a jar.”

“”Thank you.””

I handed them the empty medicine jar, and they quickly filled it with Konpeito.

“”Muu~””

The children squirmed as they listened to the sound of the bottle being shaken and rattled.

“”Only this much~””

They seemed to be frustrated that they couldn't accumulate enough Konpeito, since it only rained in few candies at once...

That being said, I feel that the downpour of Konpeito would be a surreal sight to witness.

"If you want more, you'll have to preserve and work hard for it. Or will you give up?"

“”... Will do my best.””

They were not giving up.

Allen and Elena then took the time to continue catching in the Konpeito from the air until the medicine jar was full.




Chapter 319

“The whole ship is buzzing about Heavenly Drops, but as I thought, you guys were present, huh. How lucky~”

“Ah, Evan-san, Scott-san, good morning. By the way, what is this Heavenly Drops?”

Is it not raining Konpeito anymore? Just as I was thinking this, Evan-san and Scott-san called out to us.

"It's what people call the finest nectar raining down from the heavens.”

“”This~?””

“Yes, that’s it. It is said to fall so rarely and in such a small area that those who are lucky enough to be in its presence are considered lucky.”

When Allen and Elena held up the jar containing the Konpeito, Scott-san affirmed.

The sugar candy is apparently called "Heavenly Drops".

“Oh, you’ve gathered quite al ot.”

“Is that so? The kids were able to collect this much after doing their utmost best, you know? I didn’t let them pick up anything that fell on the deck, though.”

“Eh? You’ve collected this much without picking up those that have fallen on the ground? That’s quite a lot then.”

“Yeah. I've heard that they fall only in small numbers, and more importantly, after a certain amount of time... the Heavenly Drops that fell will disappear.”

“Eh!? Ah, it’s true.”

Hearing Scott-san’s words, I looked around to see the Heavenly Drops that Allen and Elena failed to catch that were supposed to be lying on the deck were completely gone.

“”Will these disappear, too?””

“No, they should be fine. They don’t seem to disappear if you pick them up quickly for some reason, so only those who are present during the rain can pick them up.”

“Heeh~ so they were something this amazing~”

I stared at the drop I happened to pick up again.

I had picked it up when it had fallen on the deck to be appraised, so I had somehow kept it in my hand.

“Is there any other use for this besides eating it?”

“N? I wonder… I have no idea, but that may be only because I’m not aware~”

“I also have no clue. It's called the finest nectar, so you don't do anything but eat it, I guess? I've heard that a single grain can fetch a very high price.”

“I see. So once you pick one up, will it disappear if you throw it out?”

“I’ve heard that they don’t disappear.”

So, if I throw away this one drop here, it won't disappear.

“... Takumi, are you throwing it away?”

While I was hesitating about the Heavenly Drop in my hand, Evan-san looked at me with a suspicious look on his face.

“I mean, I picked this one up from the deck… rather, do people sell the drops that have fallen to the ground?”

My kids were able to catch them midair, but normal people would pick these up from the ground, right?

“They do. As for eating… wouldn’t it be fine if you clean them with Washing?”

“Ahh, there was that move!------Washing.”

There was a way to clean it with magic without washing it with water! I immediately cast Washing on the Heavenly Drop that I have picked up from the deck.

“”Muu~ if we picked up~””

If we could have picked up the ones that fell on the deck, we could have collected more… Allen and Elena were pouting such.

“Sorry, sorry. Let’s pick up the ones on the ground next time as well.”

“”Yeah! Will do my best.””

When I told the children that I would not forget this mistake and that we would make use of it next time, they were fully motivated.

"... They are lucky to have encountered it once, but they are determined to encounter it again?”

"... No, but aren't those guys going to run into it again?”

"... That’s true.”

However, Evan-san and Scott-san had a dumbfounded look on their faces when they heard our exchange.

“That being said, Allen, Elena. This looks to be very rare, so don’t show it to anyone, and eat it in secret.”

“”Okay~””

For now, I'll just warn them not to show it off or eat it in public.

"It's just like Takumi to not sell them, but to use them as snacks for the children.”

"Eh, I mean, isn’t that normal, since the kids picked up all the stuff themselves?”

"No, no, not many parents would be able to do that.”

"Heeh~”

You mean they would take it away from the kids and sell it off to make a living? Well, would I do that if my life was difficult, too?

“Well, we are not having a hard time making a living, after all. Ah, would you like to eat this?”

I held out the Heavenly Drop I had been holding between my fingers to Evan-san.

“Oi. Don’t hold it out as if disposing of your old inventory.”

“I cleaned it.”

“Then eat it yourself, no? Well, I'd be lying if I said I wasn’t curious how it tastes.”

Evan-san is so honest.

"Allen, Elena, I need you to do something for me.”

“"What is it?””

"Can you give Evan-san and Scott-san a Heavenly Drop?”

“”Okay, sure~””

Well, I was also curious about the taste, so I decided to eat what I had and asked the kids if they could share a piece for both. They readily agreed, and immediately took two Heavenly Drops from the jar and offered them to Evan-san and Scott-san.

“Eh, you sure?”

“I will feel bad.”

“”It’s delish, you know?””

Allen and Elena grabbed Evan-san's and Scott-san's hands and placed the Heavenly Drops in their palms, as if to say, "Come on, take it.”

One good point about my children is that they do not mind sharing their stuff!

“Are you really, really, sure?”

“”Yeah~””

“Would you like a payment for this?”

“”Payment?””

“Money.”

“”Don’t wanna.””

Evan-san squatted down to make eye contact with the children, and confirmed that they didn’t mind. Scott-san tried to pay out of obligation, but the children immediately refused.

“Rather than money, they would prefer you play with them, so if you could do that instead?”

“”Yeah, let’s play!””

I don't know how much a piece of this candy costs, but I thought it would be better for the children to play instead, so when I suggested an alternative, they smiled and nodded. When Evan-san and Scott-san saw this, they looked at each other as if saying, "Are they really fine with that?” But in the end, they agreed.

Then, the three of us tried the Heavenly Drops.

“”How is it? How is it?””

“Yeah, it’s delicious.”

“Sublime!”

“It indeed tastes great.”

The Heavenly Drop instantly melted in my mouth, spreading a refreshing sweetness around.

“N~ delicious it is, but… I don’t think it’s worth the price tag?”

“There’s another reason for that.”

“Another reason? Is there more to it than just being lucky enough to be where it falls?”

“Yes, it’s said that your fortune will improve if you eat it. It’s not certain whether that’s true or not, though.”

“Fortune, huh.”

I see. It may be a superstition, but I'm sure there will be people who will want to believe it.

“”Hey, hey, Oniichan.””

“N? What is it?”

“Won’t it rain.”

“One more time~?”

“Hahaha~ if your luck is good, we will encounter this again before long.”

“”Ehh~~~””

As Allen and Elena looked up at the sky to see if the Heavenly Drops would fall once more, all of a sudden------wee, woo... the alarm bells rang throughout the ship.




Chapter 320

“”What is it?””

“I wonder?”

All at once, the sailors became flustered and the atmosphere became swarthy.

"It looks like an emergency. Shouldn't you guys go?”

"That's the signal to assemble on deck.”

I see. Since we are already on the deck, there's no need for them to move. Ah, I can certainly see guard-looking people coming up.

“”Ah, there---!””

Allen and Elena found something and pointed their fingers.

“That’s… a ship?”

The ship was still far away, but it looked a little worn out.

“So they came!”

Evan-san cursed with a disgusted expression.

“Is there a possibility of it being a shipwreck?”

“In that case, they’d have given a sign for help already.”

“Signal?”

“Yes, smoke. I don’t see any red smoke coming from that ship.”

“Oh!”

Smoke signals! I remember there being something like that~ I forgot.

"Takumi-san, I will tell you this just in case, but there are cases where they deliberately signal for help and then attack the ship approaching for rescue. Not only at sea, but on land as well. So, please be very careful and check the situation carefully in the future.”

"Ah, okay.”

Scott-san gave me some additional information that he thought I probably didn't know.

I didn't know that bandits use smoke signals to attract their prey, so this is really helpful~

“This time, they are coming in hot, though!”

“They must be that confident in their strength.”

There's no doubt that it's a pirate ship that's approaching our ship.

Ah~... I can definitely see something that looks like a pirate flag with a skull symbol on it.

“... What is the size of the forces capable of fighting the pirates abroad our ship?”

I ask Evan-san and Scott-san in a hushed voice.

“We have eight specialized guards. The sailors that are not guards also know some martial arts, but… to be honest, the amount of self-defense they know cannot be counted on. Additionally, there are five adventurers, including us, who were hired as guards.”

"I also saw some adventurers among the passengers. I've heard that the pirates are highly mobile, and there are quite a few of them."

“Fighting them head-on would honestly be tough.”

“I thought so. In that case, wouldn’t it be better we make sure that the pirate ship couldn’t approach us in the first place,”

“Huh?”

“How about making a hole in the pirates’ ship when it reaches the magic attack range… or something?”

“”......””

When I proposed my plan(?), Evan-san and Scott-san were speechless.

“... We may not be able to capture them, but you might have a good idea there. It wouldn’t be possible for us alone, but it seems like a plausible plan for you, Takumi-san.”

“Yeah, it will require quite a feat of strength, but… I guess it’s a good idea.”

I was only half joking about this strategy, but it was surprisingly well received.

“Takumi-san, can I suggest this plan of yours?”

“Eh? Ah, yes, sure.”

Scott-san immediately went to the person who seemed to be the leader of the Merchant Guild’s specialized guards.

After a short conversation, he came back to us with the leader.

"I thought we were out of luck when I heard that a pirate ship was approaching, but with an A-ranked adventurer on board, I guess God hadn't abandoned us yet~”

“Erm…”

“Oh, sorry. I’m Gaius. I’m the leader of the guards.”

“I’m Takumi. I might not seem like it, but I’m A-rank adventurer.”

“Hahaha~ You certainly don’t look like it. But, I’m guessing you wouldn’t joke in a situation like this, so I believe it. And so, you were talking about opening a hole in the pirates’ ship? Can you really do it?”

After a quick introduction, we quickly got down to business.

“Well, if the pirates' ship is as tough as reinforced iron or Orichalcum, then please pretend I didn’t say anything.”

“A ship build from something that heavy would sink! Ships are usually made from wood!”

“Then, I don’t believe there will be a problem. I will ask you just in case, but if I fail, will our situation get even worse?”

"The other side will be a little wary, but I'm pretty sure they'll be coming at us with everything they've got anyway, so I honestly don't see a problem even if you fail.”

If there’s no problem, then I can simply give it a try.

“Ah, can I ask one more thing?”

“Yeah, what is it?”

“Can’t we just get away in the first place?”

“Not possible. This ship was built to carry a lot of weight, so it’s slow when it comes to terms of travel. On the other hand, theirs was built for speed.”

Oh, that reminds me, when we booked the ship, they said that this ship was slow~

So the probability of a battle taking place is higher after all.

“Are you sure you want it sink down?”

“Yeah, I don’t care. Capturing the pirates is secondary. The passengers’ safety comes first. Well, I’d like to hand over or at least secure the Captain’s body, but… don’t worry about it! Go as hard as you can!”

“Roger that.”

I got a permission from Gaius-san, so I took a position from where I could aim at the pirates, and waited for it to get closer.

“”A little closder?””

“Indeed.”

Next to me, of course, were Allen and Elena.

The guards and adventurers were whispering about whether it was okay for children to be here, but I pretended not to hear them. It's no use telling the kids to go back to their cabins.

“”About now?””

“I think so. I guess it could reach now?”

The pirate ship was now in range of my magic.

“Are they in range already?”

“They are.”

"Rather than shooting at this distance, wouldn't it be more reliable to shoot a more powerful magic to create a bigger hole from a little closer?”

Evan-san and Scott-san were also nearby, tilting their heads to the side as they heard my muttering.

“That’s true, but… wouldn't that mean that pirates who fell into the ocean unharmed could swim over to our ship?”

"If they are unharmed, there would be no problem, even if they managed to swim over and climb up the ship. It would be more convenient for us to capture him.”

“Ah, I see.”

Then, I will let them get even closer and then, attack------

“”Water Jet!””

“Ah!”

As I was thinking this, the children released their magic first.

As per the strategy, a big hole was made in the pirate ship with a thud... but the people over here were stunned.




Chapter 321

“”Made a hole~!””

Allen and Elena were happy to see the hole in the ship.

"... Yes, you're right! But the hole was made a little too high. Well, it should be okay, but!"

The magic of the kids drilled a hole in the bow of the boat, but it was a little too high so that no seawater could get in. I was relieved that the ship did not sink, and the pirates seemed to be unharmed.

“Allen, Elena, you cannot shoot magic as you like.”

“”Why~? You said to make a hole!””

“Yes, that’s right. But that was my job. It wasn’t for you to do, right!”

“”Ehh~ Erm you see, that!””

“The faster one.”

“Wins?”

At any rate, I lightly cautioned them for their selfishness, and they were not happy. And then, of course, they retorted with "the faster one wins". I wondered where they learned that phrase.

"Listen well, okay? Even though the people on that ship are bad people, they are still living people. And the magic that the two of you fired just now could have taken their lives. Do you understand?"

“”... Yeah.””

I bent down and looked at them and told them earnestly to make them understand what they had done.

“Oniichan doesn’t want you guys to take people’s lives. If you are about to do it one day, Oniichan will rush and act faster than you, and even if it happens that we won’t have a choice one day… it will be Oniichan’s job to finish.”

“”Uu~...””

I don’t want to take people’s lives as much as possible, even if they are bad guys. But, if I or the children are in danger then… I will have no hesitation.

“You two are good and smart children, so you understand what I’m trying to say, right?”

Allen and Elena firmly nodded their heads with tears in their eyes.

“It’s a promise, then. Don’t use your magic against people. Understood?”

“”... Yes.””

After Allen and Elena seemed convinced, I turned around to see what had happened to the pirate ship.

“... Huh? It stopped?”

Then the ship had stopped for some reason.

If the children's magic angered them, they would have rushed straight at us, and if they got scared, they would have run away. And yet, it stopped? What the hell was going on?

"Why did that ship stop?”

"Maybe the power source, the magic stone, got broken.”

"Is the magic stone located on the bow of the ship?”

"No, it varies from ship to ship. Sometimes it's in the bow, sometimes in the stern, sometimes in the bottom, sometimes in the captain's cabin.”

“Heeh~”

So there are fixed locations for the magic stones? I heard that the magic stones used to move ships are of a very high rank, so I guess it's an anti-theft measure?

“So, the pirates won’t be able to move again?”

“It’s impossible for them to attack us. Even if they abandoned the ship and tried to escape, they would still be a long way from land, and there are monsters in the sea. I guess they are stuck here. If they want to save their lives, they would have to surrender, no?"

We stopped our ship, which was moving at full speed, to check on the pirates, and after waiting for a while------

“... They are not moving.”

We waited for a little while, but there was no movement from the pirates.

“Should we just leave them here… and let the country handle them?”

I didn’t know how to settle this, so I made a proposal to Gaius-san.

We could head for Cerdik and report back to the government and ask them to send soldiers to capture them. Well, in that case, the pirates might manage to escape, but the ship could be recovered.

“... This is troubling.”

Gaius-san groaned in a worry.

"So, do you want me to board their ship… to catch them?”

"No, I don't think so. Their combat strength has not diminished.”

"Takumi-san, even if we do capture them, how are we going to get to their ship? We cannot get too close with our ship for safety’s sake.”

"I guess I will just have to swim? It won't be a problem at this distance.”

Evan-san and Scott-san were against it, but I took a Mermaid’s Bracelet from my Infinite Storage, and made preparations to swim.

“Isn’t that a Mermaid’s Bracelet! You have something good on you!”

“I can use this to get to them stealthily. I still have more bracelets, what do you think? Would you like to come with me, Evan-san, Scott-san?”

“It can’t be helped~ I will go with you.”

“Indeed. It would be better for us to go with you.”

Since Gaius-san was still troubled and could not come to a conclusion, I decided to act on my own.

I asked Evan-san and Scott-san to join me, and they readily agreed.

“What about Allen~?”

“And Elena~?”

The twins looked like they wanted to go, but they were more reserved because I had warned them earlier.

“You guys are going to wait here, right?”

“”Ehh~””

“There’s something I want you two to do here.”

“”What is it?””

“Can you make a blockade?”

“”A blockade?””

“Your job is to make sure that we don't get interrupted on our way to that ship over there.”

“”Will work!””

When talking about work, they showed a lot of motivation, so I explained to the kids why they would have to stay on the ship.

“”Water Pillar.””

They had the sea create pillars of water around the pirate ship. Of course, they didn’t let it hit the ship.

“Yeah, like that. Looking good! Can you keep it up while we swim over?”

“”Yeah, can!””

With this, the pirates' eyes would turn to the magician that they thought was on this ship and the water pillars around them.

"We will be swimming straight in front of the ship, so avoid that area and focus on the two sides of the ship.”

“”Got it~””

"And don't hit the ship. Also, avoid the back of the ship.”

“”Okay!””

The children nodded their heads firmly as we went over the precautions again. With this, we were all set.

"'If we can sneak through the water and climb up from the stern, we should be able to get there undetected.”

"Indeed.”

As expected, Gaius-san, who had been unable to reach a conclusion, agreed to capture the pirates, so I recruited more men. However, as expected, I couldn't leave this ship empty, so we left the ship in the hands of the merchant guards and decided to go with five additional adventurers, including Evan-san and Scott-san, who had been hired as guards of the ship.

“Let’s go.”

We jumped into the sea from a blind spot and managed to enter the pirate ship without anyone noticing.

At first, we were covert. The pirates were looking at our ship and the sea in a daze, so we quickly and quietly made a few faint first. Then, when the number of pirates decreased, we started to fight.

It was a bit of a melee, but our forces were able to subdue the pirates without any serious injuries.




Chapter 322

“”Arrived~!””

“As I thought, it’s a bit warmer here.”

We arrived in the town called Byld in the country of Serdik.

We were supposed to arrive at noon, but due to the pirate attack, we ended up arriving in the evening… Well, I guess that's an acceptable delay.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“N? What is it?”

“Weird.”

“Clothes~”

“Oh, you are right.”

In this country, there were quite a few people wearing long robes(?). Their right sleeve was short or sleeveless, but the left sleeve was long and fluttery.

I've never seen this kind of clothes in Guardia, Argo, or Crete, so I wonder if it's unique to Serdik. I had imagined a tropical or Latin American country, since it is the birthplace of the Nana fruit (bananas), and Kahee (coffee) beans~

“Takumi, they want to hear the situation.”

“Alright.”

Evan-san, who was handing over the captured pirates to the soldiers, called me over. Apparently, they wanted to hear from me as well. Well, I acted mostly of my own accord, and I also happened to store the entire pirate ship in my Infinite Storage, after all~ I guess it's natural.

“Ah, but I would like to find a place to stay first… is that possible?”

I don't mind reciting the situation, but I’d like to find a place to stay before it gets dark.

“It’s not like you can’t, but I heard the people from the company had already arranged a place to stay.”

“Isn’t that for you and the other guards, though?”

“What are you saying? How can they not prepare a room for the people who saved their ship? I'm sure they’ll give you a nice room.”

“It being a good room aside, I’m happy as long as we have a place to stay.”

That being the case, we move to the Soldiers' Station at the port.

“Let’s go.”

“Shopping~”

“That won’t be possible for today. Let’s leave it for tomorrow.”

“”Ehh~””

I guess they didn't like the idea of walking past the stores in a new town without stopping by. The children looked quite dissatisfied.

"I guess it's hard to delay sightseeing in a town you have never been to before~”

Evan-san approached the kids and patted the two’s heads to comfort them.

“Evan, aren’t that your sentiments?”

“Shuddup.”

Evan-san averted his gaze awkwardly at Scott-san's comment.

It seemed that he had hit the nail on the head.

"Is this your first time here, Evan-san?”

"Ou. We're returning in three days, so we're planning to have a lot of fun until then.”

"Oh, so you have a schedule for your return trip?”

They will be going back in three days, which means they will only have two days for sightseeing. If that's the case, it must be hard to lose the half day today.

"We're going to eat a lot of good food!”

"Oh, that's part of the fun~”

We will have to find some specialties, right? I'm sure there will be something besides Nana fruits and Kahee beans.

“Oh, here you are.”

Gaius-san arrived at the station beforehand, and explained the details of the circumstances at the sea.

“Well, that's it for the confirmation, and now for the reward. The fee for subjugating the pirates, and the reward money for the bounty on their heads. And also the bonus money for selling the pirates as slaves. This is the total of the above.”

When we arrived at the station, the briefing was already over, and I was asked about my background, but it was just to make sure there were no discrepancies, so it was over quickly.

Then, as if to say, "This is where it all starts," the soldier held out a piece of paper with details written on it.

It seemed that the pirate captain and a few others had been given bounties, and the total reward was a quite a bit of cash.

“Are we going with the standard allocation?”

“Evan, what did the company president say?”

“60% to Takumi and 40% to the company. Well, if Takumi agrees… though.”

The reason why Evan-san came with me later was because he needed to confirm the allocation.

I'm not sure why the allocation was only between me and the company.

"I don’t really care about the percentage, but why is it just me and the company? What about you guys?”

"We're hired guards for the company. Ah, but don’t worry, we are going to get a bonus payment.”

"Are you sure they will pay for everyone?”

"Yeah, don’t worry.”

"I don’t mind then.”

The pirates were captured with the help of Evan-san and the other adventurers, so I made sure to check that.

Since I heard that the company will raise the pay with the reward money, I nodded in agreement… since I didn’t know anything about appropriate rates.

"Also, the ownership of the ship and anything on it goes to you, Takumi.”

I had a hand in the capture, but since it was only me and the kids who stopped the ship and retrieved it, the ownership was mine.

I briefly checked the inside of the ship in search of the remnants, and found that there was a good amount of treasure on board. Well, I guess a lot of it was stolen, though.

“N~ Can I ask you to dispose of the ship and sell what is on the ship for a fee?”

Since the ship has a big hole in it and the magic stone is broken, it’s basically a shipwreck. It doesn't matter if I leave it in the Infinite Storage, but if I can dispose of it, it's better to do so.

And then there are the things that were on the ship. Money can be collected, but jewelry and other items are troublesome. There might be a chance that the original owners of stolen goods will want to buy them back!

I don't know the details because Cedric-san took care of everything when we dealt with the bandits and got the treasure in Bailey before, but I'm sure there are a lot of negotiations and procedures to be followed.

To put it bluntly, it's a hassle. So I would like them to take care of all that for me.

"That's possible, but the… negotiations will be minimal, so your profits will inevitably decrease.”

"I'm fine with that, so please.”

"I understand. Would you like the money to be deposited at the Adventurer's Guild then?”

"Yes.”

Even if the amount of money I get from it decreases, it is better to save myself the trouble.

“Are you sure about this, Takumi-san? It's not a town we are familiar with, so I can't say there's no possibility of being deceived.”

Perhaps worried about my quick decision, Scott-san whispered to me.

“Thank you very much. There’s no problem.”

This was an extra income to begin with, so I won’t regret it as long as I consider it just that.

It's more of a problem if the negotiations take up too much of my time and we lose sightseeing time because of it. Especially this time, we have to return to the capital of Guardia before Wald-sama’s wedding, so our time here is limited.

So, I quickly completed the procedures for selling it.

"So, where should I leave the ship?”

"There's a harbor in the back of the station, so you can leave it there.”

After leaving the ship there, we finally entered the town of Byld for real.




Chapter 323

The lodging provided by the Company was quite nice, and we enjoyed our dinner there as well, but… well, if you ask if it was good, then it was good, but it was… ordinary food, not unique to Serdik.

The next day, after a good night's rest, we set out to explore the town.

"Well, where shall we go first?"

“"Shopping!"”

"Haha, yeah. We are definitely going shopping, but which stores should we go to first?”

“"All of them!”

"All of them?

“”Yeah!””

"Every last!”

"One of them!”

Allen and Elena wanted to see all the stores, probably as a reaction to not being able to go sightseeing yesterday.

"Well, we are going to spend the day in the town, so let's take it in order.”

“"Yay!"”

So we went into the first store we saw.

“Is this~”

“A cloth store?”

“N~ maybe a tailor?”

“”Clothes?””

I'm pretty sure it's a fabric store, but there were some clothes on display, too.

"It's the same clothes we saw at the port.”

“”Oh yeah!””

"If this store is a tailor shop, do you want me to order you some?”

“”Yes! Want~!””

If they can make it in time, I would love to have my children wear it.

"My, oh my, welcome. I'm sorry I didn't notice you earlier.”

“Don’t worry, excuse us for intruding.”

"That's all right. Oh my, what a pair of cuties!”

"Thank you very much. Are you a tailor, by the way?

"Yes, we are. We mainly tailor everyday clothes.”

It seems to be a store that does tailoring as well.

"Are the clothes you have on display the casual clothes of this country?”

"Yes, indeed. From your question and the way you look, I'm guessing you are from another country then?”

"Yes, we are.”

"I have heard from the foreigners that our country's clothes are very distinctive~ This is a port town, so people from other countries often ask me about them.”

"Haha, I thought so.”

As I thought, it appears that the clothes are unique to this country. And I'm sure everyone from other countries is wondering about them.

"How long would it take to have clothes made for these twins?”

"We have a few pieces of each size left over, so you can take them home right away. If you want the exact size, your favorite color, and you want to decorate it, it would take about five days.”

"We would like to see the leftovers first then, and if the size and color don't seem to match their taste, I would like to place an order.”

"Okay. I will bring them over then.”

It seemed that they had a few pieces left over, so I decided to ask to see them first.

“”Ohh~””

“See if you like any.”

The shopkeeper immediately prepared some clothes in sizes that Allen and Elena could wear, and some in sizes that I could wear, but there were quite a few.

“Huh? There seem… to be more colors than what you have on the display?”

I looked at the color of the clothes and looked around at the fabric that was on display in the store. Then I noticed that the clothes were more colorful.

“I’m surprised you noticed, Customer.”

“So I was correct?”

For example, the blue cloth. Not only were there different shades of blue, but there was also a blackish blue, a greenish blue and a purplish blue.

"It's amazing. But why? Is it because there are so many different kinds of plants used for the dyes that their shades are different?”

"It’s thanks to the dungeon near the town.”

"A dungeon?”

"Yes, you can get all kinds of colorful dyes there. That’s why there are so many kinds of dyes in this town.”

"Heeh~”

“”Ohh~ a dungeon!””

You can get dyes from the dungeon, huh? And it’s near this town?

Or rather, the children's eyes started sparkling when they heard that there was a dungeon nearby.

“"Oniichan!"”

"Yes, yes, Allen, Elena, I know you are interested, so let's take a walk around the town and investigate.”

“”Yeah! Investigate!””

Looking at the kids, it seemed that they have already finalized their plans in the country. Well, I don't mind~

"Anyhow, let's pick some clothes first.”

“”Okay~””

I told the children to leave the dungeon behind for the time being, and they started to choose their clothes honestly. Well, they were interested in the clothes of this country, too.

There were three types of clothes: one that was a little longer than the waist, a jacket that was long enough to cover the knees, and a one-piece type for females.

“Allen likes this one.”

“Elena wants this.”

“Okay, they look nice.”

I told them to choose a few outfits to wear while we were in this country, so they chose one after another.

"Speaking of which, why is one sleeve so short?”

"Fufu, It seems that right-handed people simply shortened it because it interfered with their work.”

"Eh!? That’s all to it!?”

"Yes, that's it. In the old days, both sleeves were long and fluttery.”

That's the reason why the shape of the sleeves is different? And it's amazing that it's stuck!

"It's strange, isn't it~ When it gets cold, I always have to put on layers of clothes, but I don't feel comfortable unless they're in this shape.”

Oh, I see. Even if the clothes are made out of thick cloth, the right hand would be sleeveless or short-sleeved, so they’d have to wear layers!

"Oh, I would like the kids to change, can I borrow your place?”

"Of course you can. But, what about you?”

"Oh, me? I think I would rather refrain myself.”

“”Nope! Oniichan is going to wear it, too!””

I was afraid that if I wore this attire, I would feel like I was cosplaying, so I tried avoiding it, letting only the children wear them, but I got caught…

“What color~”

“Would suit Oniichan~”

The children were so happy that they started to choose my clothes as well.

“Make it a calm color, please.”

“”Got it~””

I thought it would be useless to stop them, so I told them to at least avoid bright colors.

"I like this one!"

"I think this one's good too!"

Allen chose a long dark blue one and Elena chose a short dark green one. Both shades were to my liking.

"Oh~ these… should be fine?”

"Then let's change!”

"Hurry up, hurry up~”

Urged by the children, we hurried to get changed.

“My, oh my, it suits you guys very well~”

I wore a short jacket type, Allen wore a long, bright-green type, and Elena wore a dark red one-piece dress.

"Allen, Elena, it looks good on you.

"”You look good too, Oniichan!"”

"Really? Thank you."

It was warm today, so we wore short sleeves.

"It's warm today, so you shouldn’t feel cold in the short sleeves, right?”

“”Yeah, is fine!””

"Shall we go to the next store?”

"Ah!”

Just as we were about to leave the store after paying the bill, Elena suddenly shouted as if she had noticed something.

“What’s wrong, Elena?”

“Elena will change!”

“Eh, why? Do you not like it?”

Elena tried to take off her dress.

“Elena will wear green too! I want green!”

“Green?”

“Oniichan and Allen are green!”

“Ah, so that’s it.”

I wonder if she felt left out because Allen and I were wearing green clothes, even though they were of different shades.

“Although it had a strong blue tinge, there was a bluish-green one-piece, right?”

“Ah, the color of Luca-chan’s eyes! I will wear that!”

After hastily changing Elena's dress, we left the store.




Chapter 324

“Found!”

“Nana fruit!”

“”Let’s buy lots!””

After leaving the tailor shop, we went to the next store, then the next store, and so on. When we found a grocery store, the kids looked like they were participating in a raid on Nana fruit (banana), urging me to buy them.

I had never seen Nana fruit for sale outside of Bailey's, so of course I would buy some.

“Excuse me. I would like to buy Nana fruit, do you have any that are completely ripe?”

“Sorry, the ripe ones were already sold today.”

The skin of the Nana fruit is yellow when unripe, and turns red when fully ripe. The ones lined up in the store were somewhere in between, with orange skin. They ripen quickly, so if you want to buy them, the ones on sale may be just right, but I prefer them to be fully ripe so that I can store them in my Infinite Storage.

“I will take some of this Nana fruit then.”

“”All of them, please!””

I was told that although they were not fully ripe, the ones they had here would ripen if I left them for a couple of days, so I decided to uy them. Then, the kids declared to buy everything as if it was only natural. Well, I won’t deny it, because it's only about 20 pieces, so it's not a problem.

“Young lad, are you really buying this much? Nana fruit are quick to rot.”

“Yes, it’s fine, I will buy it all.”

“That so? I will pack you everything then.”

I paid for the fruits and was just about to pick them up when the children called out to me.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“N? What is it?”

“That!”

“Never seen before!”

“Oh, you are right.”

What Allen and Elena found was a black object the size of a golf ball.

“Are these black ones also fruit?”

“Oh my? Could it be that you are from another country? I didn't recognize you because of your clothes~ It's a fruit that can be found in the dungeon near this town.”

“”Dungeon!””

“Yes, that’s right. It's an advance-level dungeon, but the trees seem to grow in the lower levels, so there's a steady supply of fruit.”

Ohh~ the benefits of the dungeon are here, too! I see, the dungeon by this town is an advance-level one. This means that… it is the 94th dungeon, "Colors".

Actually, there are two dungeons near the city of Byld: an intermediate-level dungeon in the ocean north of the town, and an advanced-level dungeon southeast of the town. Since the intermediate-level dungeon seemed to be undiscovered, I assumed that was the advanced-level dungeon.

However, the list of dungeons given to me by the Adventurer's Guild might be wrong, so I was going to gather more information. I didn't want to cause a fuss by going to another undiscovered dungeon. Well, it’s confirmed now.

“Leychii fruit, huh~”

Why do I feel like I’ve heard of Leychii before?

“Erm, I’d like a basket of this Leychii fruit as well, please.”

“Sure, thank you for the business.”

Anyhow, I bought some Leychii to try.

“Next is~”

“That store!”

The children, happy to have purchased their favorite fruit and a new one, happily walked into an old store.

“”Nniyu?””

“What is it, Allen, Elena?”

“”This… what kind of store is this?””

“N? Eh? Huh? There’s nothing?”

As soon as they entered the store, Allen and Elena tilted their heads.

The store they entered had shelves, but no merchandise at all.

“”Not a store?””

“Ehh… I wonder?”

“”I wonder~?””

I wonder if they had closed up?

"Oh, how rare. It's unusual for someone to come into this store.”

"Hello, I'm sorry to bother you.”

"Welcome."

As I tilted my head with the children, an old man came out from the back with a surprised expression on his face. Since he welcomed us like that, it means that it is a store, right?

"Excuse me. You mentioned that the people coming into the store is rare…. What does that mean?"

"Fufufu, well, this store is under a human repellent spell to keep people out.”

"Eh, people repellent!?”

"Yes. Normally, people would pass by this store without noticing it. But you guys came in. I'm sure you guys have a lot of magic power, so the spell to keep people out didn't work.”

It is true that I have a lot of magic power, and the children also have lots of it.

“Erm… why are you using a spell to keep people out in the first place? It looks like a store, but there’s no merchandise on the shelves, too.”

“Fufufu.”

The old man began to tinker with something on the counter, this time with a happy expression. Suddenly, something appeared on the display shelf behind the counter.

“Barrier!”

“You recognize it well.”

It seemed to be warded to make it look like nothing was there.

So the thing that the old man was messing with was probably a magic tool that cast the barrier.

“”Amazing~!””

“So many.”

“What are those?”

“Those are magic tools.”

“”Ohh~ magic tools~””

So this is a magic tool shop.

It reminds me of Grandpa Sol's magic tool shop in the royal capital of Guardia. That place also made the outside of the store look like a worn-out building~

“Similar to.”

“Grandpa Sol’s!”

Allen and Elena seemed to remember the same thing as I did and happily told the old man of this store.

“Ohh! So you are acquaintances of Sol-dono!”

“Huh? Do you know each other?”

“We're both dealing with the same magic tools. We keep in touch with each other from time to time.”

"Heeh~ I see.”

So you guys get along as fellow magic tool dealers, huh.

"Oh, let me tell you something. I don't know how many magic tool stores you know, but mine and Sol-dono's are unique.”

“......”

That's right. I'd be surprised if all the magic tool stores were so special that they were made to look like abandoned buildings and keep people out! Huh? We have never been to a normal magic tool store before… I think?

No, I guess we have. When we were mining in the town of Kelm, we went into a magic tool store to buy a lantern or illumination magic tool for Allen and Elena! In the end, I couldn't find any good illumination magic tools, so I bought them lanterns.

"Do you have any illumination magic tools here?"

"Yes, we do.”

"If you have any, I will take two, please.”

"Are they for the children, by any chance? If so, I have something easy to use.”

"If possible.”

"We've just had a new shipment of something that looked just right for them. Here it is. Try it out."

The items the old man took out looked like normal lanterns.

“Oh, there’s a switch here.”

“Yes, just try pushing it.”

“Allen, Elena, give it a try.”

“”Okay~”

When Allen and Elena pressed the switch, the center of the lantern, where the fire was supposed to burn, glowed faintly.

It might look like a lantern, but it was really a magic tool.

“It turned on~”

“So bright!”

“This is working great.”

“Fufufu, right?”

It's a good shape for children to hold, because it's hard to tell at a glance that it's not a normal lantern, but a magic tool.

"Well, I will take both of those, please. Also, let’s see~ Do you have any recommendations or unusual items?"

"My, my? Well then, I'll have to introduce you to a special item.”

I couldn’t think of any magic tools that I wanted right now, so I took a chance and asked the old man, who smiled wryly. Apparently, he has something good on him.

“Are you… an adventurer? If that¨s the case… what do you think of this?”

The old man took out a magic tool and explained to me that it was a small heating and cooling device. Because magic tools are expensive, air conditioning and heating tools are often installed in the homes of nobles, but they are not widely used in ordinary homes. Therefore, they are not even installed in inns.

I have yet to experience an inn in the winter, but it was too hot in the summer!

The other thing is that the portable house I had made for me was installed with plenty of magic tools, so it will be fine, but the hut wasn’t attached to it, so it could be used there as well.

“I will buy it!”

I decided to buy it right away, as it seemed to have a lot of opportunities to be used.




Chapter 325

After leaving the magic tool shop, we arrived at a sort of plaza where we bought some more kahee beans and such.

“Let’s take a break here.”

“”Okay!””

“Let’s eat!”

“Leychii fruit.”

“Sure. Let’s give it a try.”

There was a bench in the plaza, so we decided to try some of the Leychii fruit we had just bought.

“Oniichan, how do you.”

“Eat this~?”

I handed them each one Leychii, and they tilted their heads as they stared at the fruit.

“You can peel the skin off with your fingers.”

“”Like this~?””

“Yes, like that.”

When I peeled off the black skin, a white fruit came into sight.

“There seems to be a seed inside, so be careful. Also, pay attention to your sleeves.”

“”Okay~””

The skin peeled off easily, but the fluttering left sleeve got in the way of my work.

I was told that the right sleeve was shortened because it got in the way of the work… The left sleeve was also in the way. I'm not sure if this is because I'm not used to wearing it.

“”It’s delish~””

“... Is this lychee?”

“”Lychee~?””

“No, it’s nothing. It’s yummy.”

“”Yeah, yummy!””

The Leychii fruit was actually lychee. No, to be accurate, it tasted similar to lychee… I think?

After all, have never tasted lychee before. I have only tasted it in drinks and sweets.

“Allen wants to make this into jelly!”

“Elena wants to make ice cream with it!”

“Also, Nana fruit cake!”

“Nana fruit choco would be nice too!”

“Those sound all great. Still, you two are such foodies, aren’t you~”

“”Yeah! Foodies!””

“... Ou.”

I didn’t mean to… ridicule them, but I tried poking fun a little, however, the two puffed out their chests proudly. It seems that bieng “foodies” is something to be proud of for the two.

“Well, if I had to say, I’m a foodie as well.”

“”Like us!””

“Haha, yeah. We are the same.”

“”Yeah! That’s nice!””

As with clothes, matching things together seems to be a popular trend among the twins.

“Well, are you rested enough?”

“”Yeah! Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“N?”

“Let’s go see.”

“Leychii fruit!”

“N~...”

The children liked the Leychii fruit and wanted more, but I was a little worried.

“”No~?””

“It’s not like we can’t buy more, but you guys heard that they are from the dungeon, right~ You want to go there, no?”

“”Want!””

If we went to dungeon, I'm sure we could harvest it there. In fact, I'm pretty sure we will find it. So, if I buy it now, I fear that we will be overstocked. Oh, but since Leychii fruit doesn’t seem to be widely available, we can bring more back as souvenirs?

“Let’s buy more if we don’t find it in the dungeon.”

“”Yeah!””

I'm planning to take a ship from this port when we go back to Guardia, so we will be able to buy Leychii whenever I want.

“Well… ah, right. Should we stop by the temple first?”

“”Yeah, okay. Let’s go.””

◇ ◇ ◇

We quickly came to the temple, after asking people for directions.

(Syl~)

(Oh, Takumi-san, welcome.)

As usual, I asked the children to sit on the chairs and wait, and I called out to Syl in front of the stone statue.

(Are you doing well?)

(Yes, I am! I’m glad you and the children seem to be doing good as well. How is the new country?)

(Ah, yes, it’s fun. And so, you seem to be observing us as usual?)

(Eh? No, well! It’s not like I’m watching all the time, okay! Just occasionally, occasionally!)

Since he knows our situation, plus the more he panics, the more he sounds like he’s making excuses. And the more he panics, the more I suspect that he’s a stalker. Well, I have already given up, though.

(Well, let’s put that aside.)

(You are putting it aside!?)

(Hey, Syl. Do you want to eat a pound cake?)

(I do!)

It's not that I have any particular business with Syl, since I came here only with my somewhat habitual behavior of "going to the temple when I come to a new town”, so I just casually brought up the topic of sweets that I hadn't given to Syl yet. Then, Syl replied in a voice that was clearly filled with joy.

(Rather than that, are you putting that topic aside!?)

(Yeah, I am. I’m going to send it to you la… n?)

… Huh?

As soon as I opened the window screen to send the pound cake to Syl, I noticed a change on the screen.

(... Syl, the number of magic circles increased, you know?)

There were three more magic circles on the screen, in addition to the magic circle for Syl’s teleport.

Until now, there was one magic circle that filled the screen, but now the screen was divided into four sections, and four magic circles were displayed there!

… They seemed to be almost the same magic circles, but some parts, like the letters, were different?

(Erm, erm… I’m sorry.)

(No, why are you apologizing? Aren’t all of these teleport magic circles? Where’s the destinations?)

(Erm… uhm, you see…)

(Yeah, so where?)

(... Marianora-sama, Salamanteel, and Nomoodle.)

(... Hah?)

I was quietly surprised by Syl's words, which he finally confessed after I pressed him.

No, but they were magic circles that Syl gave me, so they couldn’t have a normal destination, right?

Moreover, as soon as Syl confessed the destinations, something like a label got displayed under the magic circle. It was the names of the gods.

I somehow selected the magic circle addressed to Syl, and the magic circle filled the screen as before. When I pressed return, it was a quad screen again.

(And so, what is it? What should I do?)

(You can pay it no attentions if you want!)

(Eh!?)

(That's your way of contacting Marianora-sama and the others, so if you don't have anything to talk to them about, you need not worry about it!)

(... Ehh~)

It's for my use when I have business with the three gods - Marianora-sama, the Creator God; Salamanteel, the Fire God; and Nomoodle, the Earth God—---What's for, though? I don't have any plans to have business with them…

I'm not sure if it's really a good idea to not worry about it!

(Is that… really all right?)

(Yes! Even if you have anything going on, you can just contact me! Rather, please contact me. Therefore, you can just treat it as if it’s not there!)

… So why were these magic circles sent to me then? I don’t get it.

(Erm… I don’t get it, but you are saying that I should just continue as I have been doing until now?)

(Yes, exactly!)

No good. I shouldn’t think too deeply about this.

That being the case, I think I will do just as Syl said!

(Well then, I’m sending it.)

(Yes, thank you very much.------Ah, it came! Whoah~ it looks so yummy~)

Once again, I sent the pound cake to Syl's place, and it seemed to have arrived safely.

Syl asked me what kind of pound cake it was, so I answered him, and we chatted for a while longer, then we left the temple and returned to the inn.




Chapter 326

After two days of walking around the town of Byld, we decided to head for the dungeon.

"Oniichan, are we going this way~?"

"Oniichan, boat is that way, you know?”

"We have to finish our business before we go to the dungeon.”

Before we go to the dungeon, I'm going to see Evan-san and Scott-san off to the Rubia and book a ship for the return trip.

“”Business~?””

“Yeah. We have to secure a ship for the way back.”

“”Going back~?””

“We will be returning before the winter because of Wald-sama’s wedding. We will have to find a ship that can get us there on time.”

We need to make sure that we don't make a blunder and fail to attend.

“Wedding!”

“We have to go!”

“That’s right. I will tell you this in advance. I promised you before that we can take our time in the next advanced-level dungeon, but let’s make it a different dungeon. This time, we must return on the ship we book no matter what.”

“”Okay, got it.””

After seeing the two off and booking the ship, we headed for the dungeon.

The 94th Dungeon, "Colors," is an advanced-level dungeon with fifty levels, located very close to the town of Byld, and can be reached in about thirty minutes on foot.

“”We arrived~!””

“It really is close to the town, isn’t it~”

“”Close~!””

Perhaps it was because we were so close to the town, but we could see a few people heading for the dungeon just like us.

I'm sure the higher level dungeons are difficult to get to even at the lower levels without a certain level of skill. I wonder if there are many strong adventurers in Byld, or if the lower levels of the Dungeon of Colors aren't that difficult.

“Let’s go in.”

“Quickly.”

“Yes, yes, I know.”

The entrance to the dungeon here was in ruins that resembled a building.

As we approached the entrance, a group of people who looked like adventurers looked at us twice as if they were wondering what we were doing.

It's not that there aren't ordinary people who come to visit the dungeon, but in their case, they have a lot of guards with them, so I guess they are surprised that there aren't any with us.

“”Ohh~””

“... Whoah~”

As we passed through the first hall and entered the first level, the kids and I couldn't help but shout in surprise. The first level looked like a forest, but to our surprise, the colors were very strange.

“Red and blue~”

“White and black~”

“Look, there’s yellow, too~”

“There’s green as well~”

“Yeah, there are all kinds of colors here~ As expected of the Dungeon of Colors.”

The trunks and branches were whitish but still normal-looking, but the leaves were full of striking colors.

“”Amazing~””

“Yeah, it really is.”

I heard that you can get all kinds of dyes in this dungeon, I wonder if these plants can be used for dyes?

“... No, I guess not.”

I checked the nearby plants with Appraisal just to be sure, but there was nothing that I could use.

“”Ah!””

“What is it?”

“Monster.”

“Is here~”

“Eh, where?”

“”Over there~””

“... Eh?”

It seems that Allen and Elena have found a monster, but I have no idea where it is. When I used Detection skill, I realized that it was certainly somewhere nearby, but… I couldn’t find it with sight.

“Same color.”

“As the leaves~”

“Ah, there it is!”

What I found after the twins’ hint was a Hiding Chameleon. The chameleon blended in perfectly with the yellow leaves.

Chameleons are originally creatures that blend into the background, but the Hiding Chameleon was a monster that specializes in concealment.

“Allen, Elena, can you hit it with your magic at it?”

“”Can~!------Water Ball!””

I told the children, who had a firm grasp of the monster’s position, to defeat it, and they immediately released Water Ball.

Then, loot fell down from the tree, and the children immediately went to pick it up.

“”What’s this?””

“Ah, that’s a dye.”

“”Die?””

“Dye. A material for dyeing cloth. You can use it to make yellow cloth.”

“”Ohh~””

The drop was a bottle with a slushy liquid in it, which was yellow dye.

If defeating a Hiding Chameleon assimilated to yellow gave you yellow dye, does that mean that defeating a Hiding Chameleon assimilated to… any other color will give you dye of that color?

“Oniichan.”

“There’s another~”

“Really? What color?”

“It’s blue~”

“Can defeat?”

“Go ahead.”

“”Okay~””

The children soon found a blue assimilated Hiding Chameleon, which they defeated, and we were able to get the blue dye. My hypothesis seemed to be correct.

“I see, this means we can get dyes of all colors.”

If the Hiding Chameleons can assimilate all hues and shades of colors, then I guess we really can get a wide variety of dyes. However…—---

“This dungeon is going to be hard on eyes~”

The color scheme of the forest alone was tiring on the eyes, but if we have to stare at it to find the monsters… the strain on the eyes will be considerable.

“So the reason why there were so many eye medicines at the drug store in Byld was because there was a high demand for them, huh~”

When we entered the drug store during our sightseeing tour of the town, I had noticed that there were many medicines related to eyes. But I didn't buy it because I didn't think we needed it~

… No, well, in our case, it should also mean that there won’t be anything wrong with us!

"Allen, Elena, if your eyes get tired, tell me right away.”

“”Oka~y.””

"Well then, let's get going.”

“”Yeah!””

As we proceeded deeper into the forest, we found a few more Hiding Chameleons, which the children quickly took care of each time.

“”Oniichan.””

“What is it? Are you tired?”

“Is fine!”

“Not tired!”

“Joule and others.”

“Can’t call them yet?”

As we move deeper into the forest and there was less and less sign of people, the kids started asking for Joule and the others.

On the first level, only the Hiding Chameleons has appeared so far. They were D-ranked monsters, which is not that strong, so even in the advanced dungeon like this, there should be a few adventurers in sight here and there, but…—---

“Why not?”

I'm not comfortable walking around with them in the town, but I don’t really care about being seen by adventurers in forests and dungeons anymore. The adventurers in Rubia know quite a bit about us already, anyway.

That's why I called Joule and the others.

(Uoh! What is this place!?)

(These are incredible colors~ n~ is this a dungeon?)

(Oh, if this is a dungeon, then these colors makes sense.)

(Dungeon! Yay~!)

(I see!)

When Joule and the others who I had summoned saw the surrounding scenery, they were surprised but quickly accepted it. You guys are very adaptable, aren't you?

“As you expected, this place is a dungeon. An advance-level dungeon.”

(Ohh! Are you looking for a Magic Ring then!?)

“No, we have a limited time, so it's not a serious dive. Well, we can look for it if it's within the deadline, but I don't think there's much hope at the lower levels~”

(Is that so? Well, it doesn't change the fact that we're going to have fun as we go~)

“Well, yeah.”

At any rate, we will be looking for a way to go to the lower levels while looking for materials and such. So, we might as well look for treasures.

“Oh, this is still the first floor, and there might be people here and there, so don’t get too far away from us, okay? It would be really troublesome if a battle broke because people mistook you ´for the dungeon’s monsters.”

(((((Okay.)))))

After giving a crisp reply, everyone immediately began to walk while playing with the children.




Chapter 327

(Alright! Let's see who can find and defeat the most Hiding Chameleons!)

“”((((Ohh~))))””

Joule and the others were just as surprised as I was to see the Hiding Chameleons’s assimilation, but they quickly changed their minds and came up with a game.

“There!”

“Over there too!”

The kids killed the Hiding Chameleons one after another and brought me the dyes they dropped. I was in charge of collecting and counting the dyes.

(Here, Oniichan, please take care of this, too.)

(Niisama, please take mine as well.)

(Aniue, me as well.)

(Niichan, this is mine!)

(I also defeated some!)

It seems that the rule was not to disappear from the area where they could see me, so with me at the center, the children advanced little by little.

“”It’s Leychii fruit!””

“Oh, it indeed is. This one was difficult to spot, you did a good job finding it.”

We quickly found Leychii fruit on the first floor.

If you didn't know about it, you might miss it, because the black fruit grows in such a way as to blend in with the black leaves. However, if you are in the known, it might be easier to find if you just look for trees with black leaves.

“Hey~ take a break from the game for a moment! We are collecting Leychii fruit, so help us out~"

(Leychii fruit? Oniichan, what’s that, I never heard of it.)

“It’s these black things.”

(Oh my, really. There are fruits.)

When I called Joule and the others, they immediately gathered around, and they all looked closely at the Leychii fruit mixed among the black leaves.

“Feat, Bolt, and Mile. Can you climb up at the top and drop the fruit down?”

(Yes, leave it to us.)

(Right away!)

(Got it!)

“”Let’s pick lots~!””

(Yeah, let’s get picking. Vector, you too.)

(I know~)

The remaining members of the group picked up the Leychii fruit that the three dropped, and in no time we had a basket full of them.

“There’s quite a lot for a single tree~”

(Yes~ But there are still some trees that have fruits growing on them. Niisama, we are not done yet, are we?)

“Why don’t you try the Leychii fruit to hydrate yourselves first? The three of us ate it before, but you guys have not, right?”

(Niichan, I wanna eat!)

“------Whoah!”

When I stopped Feat from going to pick more Leychii fruit from other trees and suggested tasting them, Vector jumped at me with his tail wagging.

I was caught off guard and lost my balance, scattering the Leychii fruit in the basket I was carrying.

… It was impossible for me to support Vector even when he was in his small form.

“”((((... Ah~))))””

The dumbfounded voices of everyone except Vector echoed.

“S, sorry.”

(It’s not your fault, Oniichan.)

(There’s no need for you to apologize, Niisama. This was all Vector’s doing.)

(Aniue, are you hurt?)

(No need to apologize, Takumi Nii! It’s Vector’s fault!)

I immediately apologized, but Joule and the others each give me kind words.

“Vector! You cannot do that!”

“Vector! Bad boy!”

“”Bad!””

(... Garu~n.)

As Allen and Elena stood in imposing poses with their eyes lifted, lecturing Vector, I decided to collect the scattered Leychii fruit in the meanwhile.

“Thank you, Allen, Elena. That’s enough.”

Vector was dejected and even had tears dropping from his eyes, so I decided to stop the kids.

“”Enough?””

“Yes, he did not intend this to happen in the first place, and he seems to be reflecting on it.”

(... Niichan, I’m sorry~)

“I know. But, Vector, you are big and have a lot of strength, so you really need to be more careful. Since you can make me fall over, it means you would crush Allen and Elena.”

(Okay, I will pay a lot of attention.)

Despite all of this, we harvested a lot of Leychii fruit.

(Well, let’s resume the game!)

“”Ohh~!””

And so we continued on our way through the forest, playing another game of Hiding Chameleon hunting.

“”There~!””

Then Allen and Elena shouted, pointing.

When I looked in the direction they were pointing, I saw a cave and a staircase in it. Apparently, they had found a way to the lower level.

“Yeah, it’s a teleport circle. I’m sure of it.”

In the middle of the stairs, there was a small hall with a transition device in it.

Sometimes, the stairs lead to dead ends, but this path was definitely the way down.

It is said that it takes several days to conquer a single level of the advanced dungeon because each level is so large, but for us, it took just under a day. I'm sure we're going at a pretty fast pace.

"I guess we will take a long break here today.”

“”(((((Okay~)))))””

The room with the transition device was a safe zone, so it's much more relaxing than sleeping in the forest. Luckily, there didn’t seem to be anyone else here right now either.

“However… it’s all dyes, huh~”

After I finished eating, I checked the loot we had gotten today.

Almost, or rather, all of them were dyes… moreover, most of the dyes were in six colors: red, blue, yellow, green, black, and white.

(That’s right, Oniichan! Who won?)

“Let’s see… the winner is Bolt.”

(I did my best!)

The first place was Bolt, the second place was Feat, and the third was Allen and Elena with a tie.

Bolt was flying around quickly, so he must have been able to gain a lot of numbers that way. Feat used her wind magic well to carry all the drops in one place, which was more efficient than the children who carried them to me one by one.

And the fact that Allen and Elena, who were working separately, got the same number of loot was just as impressive.

◇ ◇ ◇

“”Pure white!””

(Ohh~ amazing~)

The next day, when we entered the second level, we found ourselves in a forest that was so white it was almost stunning.

It wasn't white because of snow. The soil was brown, the sky was blue, but the tree trunks, branches, and leaves were all white.

“Huh? It is white, but also a bit grayish.”

“”True~””

Upon closer inspection, it seemed that it was not only pure white, but there was also a grayish white and a beige-like white mixed in.

(Oh, there is Hiding Chameleon there~!)

There seemed to be Hiding Chameleons on this level as well, and Vector, who found it, charged at it right away.

And when he easily defeated it, he came back with a loot in its mouth.

(Here, Niichan, it’s the same thing as yesterday!)

“Thank you.”

It seems that dye is what you can get from the Hiding Chameleon on this level as well.

“Oh, but isn’t the color slightly different?”

It was easier to see after I compared the dye Vector had given me with the white dye I had gotten on the first level.

As I was comparing the colors, Allen, Elena and Joule came up to me and stared at the bottle.

“”A bit different~””

(Indeed. Oniichan, will things be of this color when you dye them with this?)

“Probably. I don't know if it will be exactly the same since they are both white, or if it will be slightly different from this white, because I have never used it before, but I think the shade should be of this color.”

(Niisama, in any case, if we can get a rare and nicely colored dye, wouldn't it make a good souvenir for the Ruven family?)

“”Ohh!””

“You are right. It would make a good gift for Rebecca-san and Almeria-san, but also for Wald-sama’s bride.”

I found Feat suggestion to be very good. Certainly, it would be a great souvenir for the ladies.

Also, since our next stop is the royal capital of Guardia, it might be a good idea to prepare a souvenir… a gift to present(?) for the royal family. For Queen Grace and Crown Princess Aurora. If it's a color that's commonly available, it won't make a good souvenir, so it should be something that's not widely available. But it has to be a good color, though.

“That being the case, we should get something from the lower levels.”

The lower down the dungeon you go, the rarer stuff you find, that's for sure.

Well, I don't know if we can get dyes at every floor, though.

"Well, let's just go as far as we can.”

“”Will do my best!””

Although we had originally planned to go as far as we could, Allen and Elena's motivation was even more pervasive.




Chapter 328

(No meat is turning uuup~)

As we progressed through the forest, monsters other than the Hiding Chameleon began to appear, but none of the loot was edible, much to Vector's dismay.

“Maybe that is the kind of the dungeon we are in.”

(Ehh~ why no meat~)

“It’s not certain yet whether there won’t be any, but there doesn’t seem to be much hope on this floor.”

(That can’t be~)

In addition to the dyes, the loot from this level consisted of colorful wax and colorful glass beads.

(Meat for a souvenir would be good!)

“Well, I do think that they would be happy to receive a good piece of meat as a souvenir, but…”

(Right!)

“I’m sure they would be happy with something else, too.”

“Yeah, Obaasama would love anything.”

“Yeah, Obaasama would be happy just listening to our stories.”

(I know!)

Rebecca-san, of course, and all of our close friends would be happy with whatever souvenirs we get them. In fact, they would be happy just hearing about our journey.

I think Vector knows that, but regardless, he just wants the meat.

“... It’s almost lunchtime, so why don’t we have a hearty meat dish?”

“”((Wanna eat!))””

Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector swiftly reacted to my words.

“Then, let’s look for a place to res—---”

“That way, I think?”

“Yes, let’s go that way.”

(Allen and Elena say to go that way.)

(ALright, let’s go! Let’s go right now!)

The two children and two animals started to move before I could say anything about finding a place to rest, and they ran off.

“... They are gone, huh~”

(My, oh my, those kids~)

(They ran off, huh~)

(Geez~)

“Anyhow, let’s go after them.”

(((Okay.)))

I wanted to chase after the kids who went ahead of us with Feat, Bolt and Mile, but Allen and Elena came back.

“What’s wrong?”

“We shouldn’t have gone.”

“Out of Oniichan’s sight.”

“”So we returned!””

Allen and Elena seemed to have remembered my words and came back in a hurry.

"You two are good at keeping your promises, aren't you~”

"”Ehehe~””

While Allen and Elena returned, Joule and Vector did not, so when we met up with them, they were lectured by Feat and Mile, and almost had their food reduced, but they managed to avoid that.

Then, after lunch, we were able to get a few more white dyes on the second floor, but none of the meat that Vector was craving as we looked for the third floor, which we eventually found.

◇ ◇ ◇

We have been steadily conquering one floor a day, and today we were about to face the fifth floor.

By the way, the third floor was the red forest, where we got a lot of red dye. The fourth floor was a blue forest, and we got a lot of blue dye.

“Everyone, are your eyes okay~?”

“”Okay!””

It's a dungeon that's hard on the eyes anyway, so I was considering leaving early, but… no one has said that their eyes hurt. I, too, feel a little flickering here and there, but after a short break, I don't feel any discomfort at all.

(I wonder what color the forest will be next~)

(Indeed~ I’m thinking black?)

(I think it will be yellow.)

(It doesn’t matter what color! I want meat to be there!)

(Vector, being overly persistent is bad!)

Rather, once we got to this point, we started wondering what the next floor would be like, and we were all making predictions as we went along.

“”(((((Ohh~)))))””

“Oh, it feels kind of normal this time?”

The fifth floor was a green forest.

“I wonder if this floor will be easy to conquer?”

(I wonder, too. Let’s move out quickly~)

It's not normal for the trunks and branches of trees to be green, but it's not like there aren't forests where the trunks are covered in moss and the whole thing looks green, so I didn't feel that strange.

(Takumi Nii~ Look!)

“N? Mile?”

“”Vanished?””

As I was walking through the forest, I was unexpectedly called by Mile. But when I tried to look for her, I couldn't find her.

“”Ah! There! That place!””

“N~... Ah, you are right.”

Mile was blending in with a green tree of a similar color to her own.

(I’m a Hiding Chameleon onw!)

“”Ohh~ amaz~””

“Yep, that’s awesome. I couldn’t tell for a moment where you were.”

When the kids and I praised her, Mile puffed out her chest happily.

(Wah! I should have done this too in the white forest!)

(Oh! I could have done it in the red forest, too!)

Joule and Vector were frustrated by Mile's actions. Is it because I praised her?

(I have a pattern so it wouldn’t be possible for me.)

(I think it would be difficult for me too even if we were in a yellow forest.)

Feat and Bolt were a bit frustrated.

(Yay! I think I can do this in a normal forest as well!)

“For covert action? That would be certainly possible for you, Mile.”

As Mile said, even in a normal forest, she would be able to blend in.

Then, seeing the exchange between me and Mile, the other four animals looked even more frustrated.

“Why do you look so frustrated?”

(But~ If I was able to do that, I would become even more useful to you, Oniichan~)

(Indeed~ Being able to help from the shadows is a good thing.)

(Yeah. It’s delightful to have more means of helping.)

(I wanna be able to do many things!)

Rather than wanting to imitate the Hiding Chameleon, they seemed to envy the fact that she was able to increase her usefulness.

"Don't look so frustrated, Mile is the best at covert actions. On the other hand, Joule and Vector are useful for brute force and defense, while Feat and Bolt are useful for mobility and agility, right?"

(That’s true, but~)

I told them that they didn't have to worry about it because each of them had their own unique strengths, but they didn't seem too convinced.

"Well, it's good to have more tricks up your sleeves, so let's see if we can come up with some more tricks together.”

“”(((((Yeah!)))))””

I recalled making a few types of weapons for myself, so it’s not like I don’t know what Joule and the others were thinking. The more tricks you have up your sleeves, the better, of course.

And so, since we are in a dungeon, I suggested that we practice some small skills, not necessarily a training, though. Not only Joule and the other three animals, but also Allen, Elena and Mile responded cheerfully.




Chapter 329

(Oniichan, is this the so-called special training?)

“”Special~!””

(Fufu, that sounds amusing. Niisama, what should we focus on?)

Everyone was in high spirits.

“Let’s see~ although it’s important to hone one’s skills, how about we develop our coordination skills a bit more?”

“”Coordination skills?””

“Moves that we can do together. Although you twins do this naturally~”

(It's true that Allen and Elena make use of team attacks without even thinking about it~)

Allen and Elena were unconsciously working together, but it's only between the two of them. If either Allen or Elena were to coordinate with Joule…. It's not going to work well… it’s not, right?

It's possible that their intuition will kick in, and it will work, but… it’s not a bad idea to practice.

“For example, how about… Joule shoots a lump of ice and Feat envelops it in wind magic and that hits the opponent?"

(Sounds amusing!)

(I see~ with wind propelling a solid object, it’s lethality will increase. In that case, it would be better to use stones and rubble instead.)

(I can help with that!)

(Niichan, what about me? What can I do?)

(I also want to do it!)

“What about Allen~?”

“And Elena~?”

When I mentioned Joule and Feat's coordination skills as an example, the other kids asked what skills they could do.

“Erm…—---”

Everyone looked at me expectantly, but it was impossible to come up with so many things so easily.

“L, let’s see~... how about Allen and Elena making a rain and shooting lightning into it?”

“”((((Ohh~))))””

Huh? Wouldn’t the power of this coordination be too strong if successful? Yeah, I'm starting to feel like we shouldn't be using it at all!

“... Everyone, the attack I have described just now is too dangerous, so pretend I didn’t say anything! Forget it!”

“”(((((Ehh~)))))””

All at once, the voices of discontent arose.

(Oniichan, why~?)

“It's too powerful, and it’s going to cause damage to the surroundings. If done poorly, we could be in danger, too.”

(Niichan, won’t we know if we try it first, though?)

(Aniue, wouldn’t it be fine if we aim somewhere far away?)

“Even if the damage caused by magic was fine, in a place like this where the trees are densely packed, it would be dangerous if the trees were to fall from unexpected directions, right?”

(That’s certainly true~ a wider place would be better to use this.)

(That’s right! Let’s search for a wider place!)

“”Let’s go~!””

(((((Ohh~!)))))

All in unison. The kids started looking for a big place, but unfortunately, all they found were trees.

Well, there were a lot of Hiding Chameleons, so we got all kinds of green dye.

“”Oh~! It’s a boss room~!””

Unable to find a wider area, Allen and Elena found a door that looked like the boss's room.

“”Oniichan, let’s go in~””

“Yeah, sure.”

When we entered the boss room, we found a normal forest at the back of the room.

Well, the only thing normal about it was the color of the brown trunks and branches and the green leaves, but the place was built like a dome, so it wasn't completely normal~

“”N~?””

“Allen, Elena, what is it?”

“”It’s moving~?””

“You are right. That is a Treant…—---hey, all are of these Treants!?”

It looked like just a forest, but the trees were monsters. And not just a few of the trees in the forest, but all of them seemed to be Treants.

(So many~)

(Yeah, I wonder how many there are?)

(Do you think there’s more than twenty?)

(It’s a swarm~)

(There’s going to be more! Let’s defeat them!)

Treants are D-rank and aren’t that strong as other monsters that appear in advanced-level dungeons, but there are so many of them!

(Hey, hey. Wouldn’t it be fine to test that coordination skill here?)

“Ah~…”

Vector was staring at me with sparkling eyes.

The Treants were clustered on the far side of the dome, so we could certainly make all the powerful attacks we want now.

Well, Treant's movement are slow, but they are coming towards us little by little, so it would be better to decide quickly!

“I'm guessing small lumps of ice, stone rubble, and lightning don't mix well with Treants.”

(Ehh~)

“That being the case, we should use normal attacks here!------Wind Cutter.”

“”Ah! Oniichan, that’s not fair!------Water Ball.””

As soon as I unleashed my magic, everyone else started unleashing theirs one after another.

"Allen, Elena, Water Ball is not effective, so change the type of magic.”

“”Which one~?””

"Well, I will show you—---Water Cutter.”

“”Ohh~!””

My blade of water sliced a Treant in half.

“Cutting spells are more effective against Treant than hitting them with things like Water Ball.”

“"Will give it a try!------Water Cutter.””

As soon as Allen and Elena changed the magic they used, they cut a Treant in half.

“”Success!””

“As expected. Listen to me, okay? It's important to judge the type of magic to use depending on the type of enemy.”

“”Okay, understand—!””

“Well, let’s keep going then.”

“”Yes~””

I had already defeated most of them, so we finished the rest in no time.

“”So many trees~!””

“Indeed~”

The loot was wood, logs, and other lumber. And that was from the Treants.

Treants’ wood is inferior to Gaya's wood, but it contains magic power, so it will be more heat-resistant than ordinary wood. Well, I guess it's a good stuff.

But it's a hard trophy for an ordinary adventurer to take home, since it's quite massive and heavy. Ah, but a high percentage of adventurers who challenge advanced-level dungeons have magic bags, so I guess it's okay? My Infinite Storage is really convenient~

“Come on, let's go to the teleporter and take a break.”

After picking up all the loot, we moved to the back hall.

“What do you want for meal?”

“”Let’s see, let’s see.””

(I want meat! I also want a nice piece of Orc meat!)

(I want snake meat or bear meat.)

(Oh my, I think fish would be nice, too.)

(I'd like shellfish.)

(I want something with lots of vegetables!)

Allen and Elena were still struggling, but Joule and the others were making their requests one after another.

"That's brilliantly all over the place~ So, what did Allen and Elena come up with?”

“”Onigiri~!””

“... Oh, Onigiri? Are you sure you are fine with Onigiri?”

“”Yeah!””

When it came to Allen and Elena's request, it wasn't even a main dish. No, but it was a standard meal on the move?

"Okay, it’s barbecue then. Let's grill whatever you like on the hot plate and eat as much as we want."

“”(((((Ohh~)))))””

If their requests are so beautifully all over the place, a barbecue is the easiest way to go. All you have to do is prepare the various ingredients and grill them.

So, as soon as we moved over, we started the barbecue party. Meats such as Orc, Bloody Bear, and Black Viper; seafood such as salmon, scallops, and shrimp; and vegetables such as spring onions, Ishiuri (pumpkin-like vegetable), and eggplant. We also had grilled Onigiri coated in soy sauce, fulfilling everyone's requests and enjoying the barbecue.




Chapter 330

“””Whoa!”””

“What!? What happened!?------Owah!”

“Why are you shouting…—---Eh!?”

While we were taking a break after lunch, a group of five adventurers came from the boss room on the 5th floor and screamed when they saw us.

The adventurers must have been quite surprised to see us, because Vector was easy to recognize even in his small form, and Joule and Feat had returned to their original forms.

“They are my contracted familiars, so there’s no danger.”

The adventurers were surprised, but they were still holding their weapons, so I quickly explained, so they wouldn’t make a mistake.

“”They are not scary, you know~?””

“Children!?”

“This is a dungeon, ya know!?”

When Allen and Elena called out, the adventurers' minds shifted to the fact that there were children in the dungeon.

“Allen can fightmon!”

“Elena can fight too, you know~?”

Allen and Elena walked up to the adventurers and spoke to them.

The two showed no vigilance towards them, so they—---the adventurers, who were men in their twenties to early thirties, likely were of good charactera.

“You did not tag along, but came here to fight?”

“”That’s right, defeated lots already~””

“Really? The floors up to here are relatively easy, but this is still an advanced-level dungeon, ya know?”

“”Won’t tell a liemon!””

They also let their guards down and started talking normally with the children. Your adaptability is incredibly good~

I couldn't keep up with what was going on, so I was just watching, when two of the five approached me.

"I'm sorry for startling you."

"No, no need to apologize, we just got surprised on our own. But still, it's amazing. Scarlet King Leo, Fenrir, Celestial Tiger, and Thunderhawk all in one place.”

(I’m here too!)

Unfortunately, he didn't see Mile, so hers was the only name that didn't come up, and Mile got angry and stomped her foot down on angrily the ground.

“Mile, you don’t need to be this angry.”

“Oh my, a Forest Rat is here too, I see. N? Is it angry?”

I picked Mile up and stroked her head to quiet her down, and the man who had been talking to me noticed Mile as well.

“Haha, she was the only one you didn’t call out, so she felt left out.”

“Is that so? I apologize for that.”

He apologized to Mile. He was so polite that it was hard to believe that he was an adventurer, and he seemed sincere, too. In addition, he had the appearances of a beautiful woman. Well, he was not androgynous per se, he was definitely a man who was as beautiful as a woman.

“Nice too meet you, I am Takumi.”

“I’m Brian. The leader of Dawn Star.”

“Rovel. More or less, a sub-leader.”

The beauty—---Brian-san was holding a thin sword, so I guess he was a swordsman. Rovel-san, who seemed to be the oldest, was wearing a robe, so I guess he was the magician of the group.

“Lemme in, lemme in? Are you introducing yourselves? I’m Kurt! Best regards!”

“I’m Timon.”

“And I am Hughbert. You can call me Hugh.”

Noticing that we were introducing ourselves, the other three, Allen and Elena, came over to us.

Kurt-san was the one who was sociable from the start and answered Allen and Elena when they spoke to him. He also had a sword, so he was also probably a swordsman. Timon–san was the youngest of the five, I think. But he was still probably older than me, though. His weapon of choice was bow. Hughbert-san was of an excellent stature and seemed to use a spear.

“Yes, I am Allen!”

“Yes, I am Elena!”

“Also, Joule, and Feat!”

“Bolt, Vector, and Mile!”

After the other people had said their names, Allen and Elena raised their hands as if it was their turn to say their name. When they were done, they introduced Joule and the others in turn. Jules and the others also responded with a cry after being introduced.

"Well~ even looking them again, it’s breathtaking~ You definitely stand out, so I wonder why I didn't know about your existence until now, Takumi-kun~”

“Unlike Tamers’ contracted beasts, I have a way to take my familiars with me anywhere I go. Besides, we are active in Guardia and came here just a few days ago to play.”

“Since you said you came to play, it means that you are not changing your base of operations to here, right?”

“Yes, I plan to return to Guardia in winter.”

“Is that so~”

Kurt-san seemed to be a really sociable type of person, and he didn’t hesitate to talk to me. He seemed like someone who can be friends with anyone~

“But you came to a different country to play and dived into a dungeon, was going here your original plan?”

“I wasn't planning to, but the kids really wanted to go when they heard there was a dungeon nearby…”

“You came here just because the kids wanted to!? Even if you have these incredible familiars with you, isn’t it still dangerous to take the kids in here?”

“I can't say there's no danger at all, but we can manage most of the things by letting them stay on the Fenrir and the Celestial Tiger’s backs.”

“That’s true.”

In fact, this place seems to be completely safe for them, but it's hard to explain in detail, and even if I did, they might not believe me, so I will just fake it.

"Do you guys come to this dungeon often?"

Just as the conversation was paused, I decided to switch from talking about us to talking about them.

“Yes, we are alternating between advancing in the dungeon and completing requests within the dungeon.”

“Heeh~ That means you are working on a request right now?”

Brian-san answered my question.

They seemed to be pretty strong, so it's not like the highest floor they could reach is the fifth.

“Yes. We have secured the wood from the Treants we were looking for, so we are planning on leaving now.”

“Oh, from the Boss room!”

They weren’t carrying any wood or anything, so they must have a magic bag on them.

“Yep, the Treants from the Boss room. We have challenged the Boss room several times, and it’s always Treants, and they always drop the wood, so it's easy to find. The only fault of this request is that we cannot advance in the dungeon while completing this request.”

“We are not able to bring enough food and other supplies with us to proceed further after collecting the loot.”

Kurt-san, Hughbert-san, and Timon-san explained in that order.

“So, once you leave, you will come back to proceed with the capture immediately?”

“We will take a few days to rest and prepare, but that's the plan.”

“If you don't mind, may I ask what floor you are currently on?”

"No problem. We have just reached the 15th floor.”

I see. Less than a third of the way there.

I didn't see these people fight, but I will keep it in mind for a general record.

“Fifteen floors, huh. That means you have a boss battle coming up next, right?”

“”A Boss, how nice~””

“Yep. But the Guild doesn't know the route to the boss room yet, so we will have to start by looking for it~”

“Eh, is that so?”

“The Guild only knows the route to the Boss rooms up to about the 10th floor, and beyond that it's still vague. There are adventurers who are putting a lot of effort into charting out maps, but they seem to be having a hard time because it's easy to lose your bearings in this dungeon.”

I guess it's hard to make an accurate map when the forests in here are all one color, so it’s difficult to find landmarks.

“Do you not have a map of the dungeon, Takumi?”

“I haven’t bought one. I think that being able to wander around the dungeons is the true enjoyment~”

“You are an unusual type.”

“Do you guys always buy a map?”

“There's nothing better than being able to conquer a dungeon as safely as possible. However, it's not the information we got ourselves, so we always have to take into account the possibility that the map might be wrong.”

“I see~”

When I listen to people like this, I realize how out of the ordinary we are.

After a few more moments of small talk in the name of exchanging information, the members of the Dawn Star used the teleport device to return to the town.




Chapter 331

On the morning of the sixth day of diving into the dungeon, we proceeded from the hall with the teleport device, and as soon as we entered the 6th floor, we let out voices of admiration

“”This place is also amazing~””

“This floor is also quite a forest~”

To our surprise, the 6th floor was a forest of three colors: yellow, reddish purple and sky blue.

(Too bad. My prediction was wrong!)

(I did not think there would be three colors~ But, it’s quite vivid, isn’t it~)

(Does this dungeon have different colors on every floor?)

(That way, we won't get bored with surprises every floor!)

(If it's not just one color, then it's even harder to predict!)

Joule and the others were also looking around the forest with admiration.

Or rather, they were still talking about the competition to guess what color the forest would be~

“”Ah!””

Allen and Elena spotted a Black Bison coming towards us.

As the name suggests, it was a black-haired ox monster, so it's too different from the color of the forest, and thus very noticeable.

(A meat-providing one appeared—!!)

“”Will defeat it~””

(Ah, I’m coming, too~!)

Allen, Elena, and Vector charged at the Black Bison.

(They ran off with quite a plunging vigor, didn’t they~)

(A vigorous plunge, rather than plunging vigor, no?)

(Oh, they attacked it all at once.)

(It’s down!)

The two children and one of animal used their running momentum to deliver a dropkick, killing the black bison with a single blow.

“”Meat?””

(... This is meat, right?)

“What is it? Did it drop meat?”

It seems that the meat that the Vector craved for was dropped, but… something was wrong with it.

Normally they would pick up the loot and bring it to me right away to show me the loot, but they didn’t this time.

“What is it? What’s wrong?”

“”Pitch black~””

(Niicha~n, is this safe? Is it edible?)

“Whoa~”

I was astonished when I made my way to Allen, Elena and Vector, who were still staring at the dropped item. It was a lump of black meat.

“That’s an incredible color.”

(Niichan, what do you think? Is this safe to eat?)

“”Can eat?””

“Erm… oh~ it’s fine. It’s edible. My Appraisal is indicating that there are no problems with it.”

The color is unusual, but it’s apparently very tasty.

(Really!? Yaay~!)

Vector jumped up and down in joy at my words.

He was very pleased. It’s not like he couldn’t eat any meat even if there were no meat drops, though~

(I have never seen a meat like this~)

“Eh, you did not?”

(Yeah, I have eaten Black Bison before, but the meat looked normal.)

“Eh? So Black Bison is not originally of this color?”

(It’s not. I guess it’s characteristic to this dungeon?)

I thought that since it was a different world, there would be this kind of meat~... but it seems to be different. The Black Bison you encounter in the forests outside are apparently of normal, red meat.

So it even changes the color of meat… what a terrifying Dungeon of Colors!

“Well, let’s not mind the color as long as it tastes good!”

“”Don’t mind~””

(Niichan, let’s eat that meat today!)

“Sure, let’s do that.”

(Yay~)

I will use this black meat for lunch today… no, let’s leave it for dinner.

“But one chunk of meat won’t be enough or everyone, right?”

“”Find more~!””

(Yeah! It’s ox hunting day, then!)

(Ox hunting day, I approve!)

“”Yes~ Ox hunting~!””

The meat chunk was enough for about five or six thick slices of steak. It was a good amount of meat, but considering the amount of food Joule and Vector eat, it just wasn't enough. When I mentioned this, Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector were suddenly fired up.

“”Let’s go that way!””

(Alright, that way it is.)

(Let’s go, let’s go.)

And so, the ox hunt began. However, we couldn't find any Black Bison, and there was a rare sign of misfire.

“”Not around~””

“Maybe it's a monster that's rarely found in this floor, and it just happened to be our first encounter.”

“”Too bad.””

"Well, there's no doubt that they are in this dungeon, so we will find them again as long as we keep moving forward. So, let's move on for now.”

“”Yeah~””

Allen and Elena said, "Too bad," but they were not depressed. The reason being that they got new weapons.

“Eiyah!”

“There!”

Allen and Elena swung their arms down in a joyful manner, and then—---a light, snapping sound was heard.

“You got skillful at using it~”

“”Right~””

Their new weapons were whips, and the kids had already mastered using it to hit the target cleanly.

By the way, the whip was a loot from killing an Evil Plant, and we got three of them in the same colors as this level: yellow, reddish purple, and sky blue. Allen happily chose the sky blue one, Elena chose the reddish purple one, and the remaining yellow one was in my possession.

We have gotten ropes from Evil Plants in different dungeons before, but why would whips drop here? Dungeons are truly mysterious places.

“Oniichan.”

“Do it too.”

“There’s no need for me to use a whip, right?”

“”It’s fun, you know?””

Allen and Elena stared at me with glittering eyes, so I had no choice but to slam the whip down on the ground nearby.

“Ehh~”

“”Ohh~””

Then, for some reason, Joule and the other five animals were sitting in a line with their backs straight.

“Erm… what are you doing, everyone?”

(I don’t know, but I just felt I had to be like this!)

(Fufu, it was an instinct?)

(I don’t understand it very well myself.)

(I felt shivers down my spine!)

(My spine automatically straightened!)

Yep, they don’t understand it very well either.

“Now, now, stand up~”

(((((Yes~)))))

As I told Joule and others who were sitting in a line to stand up, Allen and Elena were tugging at the hem of my shirt.

“What is it?”

“”Do the snap one more time.””

“N?”

“”One more time! Please!””

“Hm? G, got it.”

Allen and Elena told me with serious expressions on their faces, so I slammed the whip into the ground again.

“”Ohh~””

(((((Huh~?)))))

Then, Joule and the others lined up again.

(My body moves reflexively?)

(Yeah, as if it was instinctively conditioned to it~)

“Alright, I’m going to forbid myself from using a whip ever again!”

“”Ehh~””

Are they reacting to the whip because they are Contracted Beasts? I don't get it!

Allen and Elena seemed to be unhappy, but it's dangerous for Joule and the others to act in a way that is not related to their will, so I will seal my whip.

However, I already had a new Whip Art added to my status, and I hurriedly checked Allen and Elena's status, but they did not seem to have learned the Whip Art skill just yet.




Chapter 332

Having successfully conquered the sixth floor, we went on to conquer the flashy purple, pink, and orange forest on the seventh floor, the brown forest on the eighth floor, the gold and silver forest on the ninth floor, and then stepped into the black forest on the tenth level.

“”So dark~””

“Indeed, it’s black all around.”

It was supposed to be a fine daytime, but the forest felt dim.

“”Ah!””

(It’s a Black Bison!)

We caught a sight of a Black Sison, the only one we encountered so far was on the sixth floor, approaching us, blending in with the black forest.

“I wonder if their original habitat is here?”

(The meat’s here~!)

Immediately, the excited Vector ran towards the Black Bison.

The black meat we got at the sixth floor was simply grilled and prepared as a steak, but it was quite tasty, so he must have wanted to get it again.

(Heyah—!)

He charged at the Black Bison vigorously and easily killed it, and even though he was still so lively when he went to pick up the loot, for some reason, he came back pouting.

(... There was no meat.)

“Well, things like this happen~ And so, what dropped?”

(......)

It seems that Vector was depressed because he didn't get any meat.

He presented me with the loot in silence, with a sorrowful expression on his face.

“”What is that?””

“It’s a hide.”

It was a dark and glossy hide.

“It's pretty good stuff. I think this would be good for making a cloak or something.”

“”A present~?””

“Yes, it would make a good present, too.”

If we want to give souvenirs, they should be a "good" ones, because sometimes the great ones will be rejected. I feel that they would accept this hide without a problem.

“Alright, as planned, let’s look for more Black Bison!”

“”Let’s look, let’s look!””

I want both the meat and the hides, so I hope we can hunt more bisons than on the sixth floor.

“”Ah!””

“N? Have you found one right away?”

“Yeah, there~!”

“I’m going~!”

Allen and Elena spotted a Black Bison and quickly charged towards it.

“”Teyaah~!””

Allen and Elena jumped upwards with a precise timing e and launched a heel drop-kick at the Black Bison's head.

“”Too bad. It was a horn~””

After successfully killing the Black Bison, Allen and Elena came back with the loot.

They had a slightly disappointed expression on their faces.

"Allen, Elena, don’t you think that attack was a little dangerous?"

“”Nniyu?””

“Black Bisons have horns, right?”

“”Yeah.””

“If you aim for the head and you miss a little, their horns might end up stabbing your legs.”

I'm sure that Allen and Elena will be able to kick at the right spot, but I will just warn them because there is no guarantee that they won't miss.

“You may be confident that you will be fine, but you have to pay more attention.”

“”Okay~””

Then, the next time they encountered a Black Bison, the kids started kicking the black bison in the jaw. It seemed quite dangerous to kick up the jaw of a charging Black Bison from below. However, I was no longer sure what was more dangerous and what was safe, so I stopped paying attention to it, trusting that Allen and Elena would not fail.

“So many~”

“Meat~”

(Yeah! I’m glad we were able to get lots♪)

(Yeah, this floor is great for Ox hunting. I will remember it!)

It seemed that this level was inhabited by Black Bison after all, as we encountered them one after the other, and were able to get not only black meat, but also a lot of horns and hides.

“Now that we have collected a lot of meat, let's move on.”

“”(((((Yess~)))))””

We had a great time hunting the bison, so after I told them it was time to get back on track, Allen and Elena soon found the door to the Boss room.

“Boss room.”

“Discovered~”

“So fast!”

“”Oniichan, let’s go in~””

“Are you sure you don’t want to rest up first?”

“”Is fine~!””

An ordinary adventurer would have been exhausted, but the children didn't look tired, in fact they seemed to be in a good mood as they opened the door to the Boss's room.

“Many~”

“Wolves~”

As the door of the room closed, a pack of Black Wolves appeared.

(N~ I can’t tell their exact numbers.)

(Indeed~ They are loitering around, so it’s difficult to count them all.)

(Ah, they are running towards us.)

(Ya~y, let’s do this~)

(Vector, stop right there! Takumi Nii, how do we attack them?)

“Things might get dangerous if it turns into a melee, so we all better attack with magic from range. Get ready, everyone.”

“”(((((Okay!)))))””

I don't want them to lose track of who is where in this darkness, so I instructed them to clear out the area at once from here.

“Let’s start the attack then!------Air Shot.”

At my signal, we all unleashed our magic one after another. A moment later, the yelps of the Black Wolves echoed from everywhere.

“The one who can see in darkness the best is… Feat, I guess? Can you tell how many are left?”

(Give me a moment, Niisama. N~... all good, there don’t seem to be any left.)

None showed up on my Detection either, so we must have safely defeated them all.

“Well, do you think collecting the loot will be a challenge?”

“”Will do my best!””

The battle was easy, but searching for the loot in the darkness was going to be a challenge.

“Everyone, there might not be any enemies left, but just keep your eye on the surroundings while collecting the loot just in case.”

“”(((((Okay~)))))””

As we all scattered to pick up the loot, we heard Vector’s shout.

(Waaah~ Niicha~n.)

“What is it? Did something happen, Vector?”

(I stepped on something~)

“Eh, what did you step on?”

(I don’t know~ But it’s so slimy~ Slimy is bleeh~~~)

“Hurry and move to a brighter pla… ah!------Light.”

I hurriedly used illumination magic. I just should have produced a light source in a place where there is none, yeah~

Or rather, there was no need for us to fight in darkness in the first place~ How stupid of me.

“Look, you can see now. And so, what did you step on?”

(Err… hah! Ahhhh—------!!)

“What is it, Vector?”

(M, meat!! My precious meaaaat—---!!)

“... Ah~”

It seemed that what Vector had stepped on was the flesh of a Black Wolf.

This caused Vector's mournful cry to echo out.

“”Waah~””

(Well, there was more meat around, so let’s give up on that piece.)

(Niisama, I finished picking up everything on my side.)

(Aniue, I don’t think there’s anything left to collect.)

(Takumi Nii, I am also finished!)

One by one, the children who had finished picking up the loot came to where Vector and I were.

We took the depressed Vector to the hall with the teleport device and comforted him.

Anyway, we have now conquered one fifth of this dungeon.




Chapter 333

When we had completed the tenth floor, I suggested that we leave the dungeon and take a rest in the town, but since everyone insisted on continuing, I decided to continue on to the eleventh floor.

That being the case, we stepped into the eleventh level.

“”Ohh~””

(Oh~ the atmosphere here changed by quite a lot~)

The eleventh floor had a completely different atmosphere, it was a forest of trees in various pastel colors. The colors were not normal, but they were much gentler on the eyes.

(What a cute forest~)

“”Yeah, cute!””

(So cute!)

Feat, Allen, Elena and Mile were happy after seeing the forest.

Pastel colors are the kind of colors that children and women like~

“Well, I wonder if we will find dyes here~”

“”Will find!””

From what I have heard, pastel dyes aren't very common, so I'm sure they would make great souvenirs.

I hope we can find some~... was my thought process, but Allen and Elena seemed determined to find them.

“We should do our best then.”

“”Yeah, will do my best.””

I don't know if the dyes will still drop from the Hiding Chameleons on this floor, but let’s keep trying until we find them.

“”There~!””

“...... As expected of you.”

I thought we might have a hard time… but we were able to get the first dye easily.

It also dropped from a Hiding Chameleon on this floor.

“Yellow?”

“”Yeah, yellow~””

It was a pale yellow… cream-like dye.

“Come to think of it, I wonder how much can be dyed with one of these?”

(Oh my, I hadn’t thought of that either~ That's right, the amount of dyes to collect would change depending on that.)

Up until now, I didn't consider it because I had a lot of dyes on hand, but now that we can't get as many, I started to be concerned.

(We can’t be even sure that it’s enough for a single handkerchief!)

(Well, it looks like there's enough of it for something larger than a handkerchief. Perhaps it’s enough for one piece of clothing?)

(Oh my, a cloth has to be dyed first before turning it into clothes, no? If that’s the case, isn't it normal to dye a large piece of cloth?)

Mile, Bolt, and Feat each shared their opinions with me.

“A cloth, huh~ It would be great if I could dye an entire roll of cloth from a store, but I believe it would be safer to count it just for one piece of clothing~”

“Let’s get lots!”

“Won’t be a problem then!”

It doesn't matter how much use a single dye has, as long as you have many of them.

Allen and Elena have made their point, albeit a polemic one.

(Agreed. Let’s get as many as we can.)

(Yeah, I’m going to defeat lots, too!)

Joule and Vector were also in agreement with Allen and Elena.

“We have to work hard then.”

“”Work hard!------Ah, here!””

As soon as they said that, the children found something and started running.

“Was something over there?”

(Ah, there? A Hiding Chameleon seems to be there.)

(Ohh~ they find out immediately!)

(Ohh, they got it.)

(The loot is… it looks like a bottle.)

(Is it a dye then~?)

After quickly picking up the bottle, Allen and Elena returned with smiling faces.

“Did you get something good?”

“”Mm, pink!””

“Oh, that’s a nice color.”

“”Right! You see, this is Almeria Oneesama’s!””

They apparently got a pale pink dye. And it seems that they want to give the dye to Almeria-san.

“Yes, it would suit her well.”

“”Righttt!””

“Then, what about the yellow you got earlier? YHave you decided whom to give it to?”

“”That’s Luka-chan’s!””

“Lucario-kun huh, that sounds good~”

I asked them just to be sure, but it seems that they had already decided who they were going to give the dye to, just as I thought.

“Well, I would like to get one for Matthias-san, Rebecca-san, Velio-san, Wald-sama, and Wald-sama’s bride then.”

“”Yeah!””

“Ah, Allen and Elena’s share, too.”

“”Oniichan’s too!””

“Haha, yeah. Hmm, well… we need to get at least eight more.”

“”Will find them~””

Eight bottles were needed in our calculation that took into consideration that a bottle may only have one use, but after that, Allen and Elena were full of motivation, and obtained a light green for Matthias-san, pale orange for Rebecca-san, light lime for Velio-san, mauve for Wald-sama, and light blue for Wald-sama’s bride.

Of course, they also got light greenish, light blue and reddish purple dyes for themselves and me.

“”Oniichan.””

“N?”

“It’s a flower.”

“But not a flower.”

“”What is that~?””

“Ah, you are right. It’s in the shape of a flower, but…”

In between collecting dyes, Allen and Elena picked up something unusual.

It was a pale pink artificial flower made of a plastic-like material. I wonder what kind of flower this is~... It wasn’t a neither a Cosmos, nor a Chrysanthemum. It seemed like something in between.

“It’s a fake flower. A flower that won’t wither.”

“”Won’t wither?””

“That’s right. Do you want to decorate your room with it?”

I suggested this, thinking it would be a good idea to display them in our mobile home, but Allen and Elena crossed their arms and seemed to be troubled.

“What is it?”

“”Oniichan.””

“Can give this.”

“To the bride?”

“Yes, of course you can.”

“Would be happy.”

“If a wedding gift?”

“I hope she likes it.”

“”Yeah!””

They want to give it as a wedding gift, not to keep it at their place.

“Let’s look for a matching ichirinzashi when we return to the town.”

“”Ichirinzashi~?””

“It’s a vase for one flower.”

“One is not good~!”

“Will find many~!”

“Eh!? You are looking for more? Wouldn’t that be a bit impossible?”

We got our hands on several dyes that are classified as rare, but we only found one artificial flower. I'm not sure if will be able to find a lot of them.

“Hmm, why don’t we use this flower to make hair ornaments along with the glass beads we got from the other levels, and the crystals and crystals we got from the mines? Let's make it into something that people can wear instead of using it to decorate!”

””Ohh~””

The flower was quite large, so when I proposed to the children that we could make a nice hair ornament by combining it with lace and jewels, they were more interested than I expected.

I wonder if I was able to stop them from trying to collect lots of them?

“Ah, but if possible, I would like to get another flower for Elena.”

“For Obaasama too!”

“And Oneesama!”

(That makes it three more then. Why don’t we try our best?)

“”Yeah! Let’s do it~””

When I mentioned that I wanted to make a hair ornament for Elena as well, I was told that they wanted to make one for Rebecca-san and Almeria-san too, so we went all out to defeat the monsters of this floor in order to get three more fake flowers.

As a result, we were able to get a lot of fake flowers that I thought we couldn't get enough of. Oh, we also got more dyes.

“”Satisfied!””

“Haha, so you are satisfied~”

The children wiped the sweat from their foreheads as if to say, “Job’s done”.

(Oniichan, the way down is in sights now~)

Since we had just found the way to the twelfth floor, we decided to go to the hall with the teleport device and take a rest.




Chapter 334

The twelfth floor was the opposite of the eleventh floor. It was filled with trees that were fluorescent with a slight luminous hue.

The pastel colors have calmed my eyes a bit, but the fluorescent colors were a bit much.

“This is… flashy.”

(Yeah, very flashy~)

Not only was I stunned, but everyone else was as well.

(Gyaa—---!)

As we were all looking around the forest, we suddenly heard a cry that sounded like a scream.

“W, what was that?”

“”Unya!””

The scream was so loud. Very painful to the ears.

(Oniichan, over there!)

“A Noisebird!”

There were numerous colorful parrot-like bird monsters in the direction Joule was pointing.

As the name suggests, they were noisy birds.

“So noisy!------Wind Cutter.”

“”Waterball.””

When I fired my magic spell while grimacing, the children also fired theirs one after another.

(Gyaa—---!)

We shot out our magic at random, but were able to kill most of the Noisebirds. However, there must have been some that we failed to kill, and a few of the Noisebirds flew away.

“Haah~”

“”It’s quiet~””

“Yeah. That’s one hell of a monster.”

The noise from earlier disappeared as if it was never here.

(Some of the birds escaped, though~)

(But I can’t bring myself to chase after them~~~)

Joule and Vector were collapsed on their stomachs on the ground. Oh, and Feat, too.

All three of them have better hearing than we do, so they must have been highly stimulated. Still… this may have been the first time we have let monsters we found escape.

(I wonder if the feathers scattered about are drops?)

(There’s a lot of them!)

Bolt and Mile didn't seem to take that much damage, and were picking up the loot from the Noisebirds we had defeated.

“Allen will pick too~”

“Elena will pick as well~”

“I’m going too. Joule, Feat, and Vector, you guys rest.”

(I’m sorry, Oniichan~)

(Niisama, pardon me.)

(Ugh~)

I let the three animals that were still in pain rest, and we decided to collect the loot.

“Feathers, pretty!”

“Indeed.”

The Noisebird's feathers were small, but they came in a variety of colors, so they could be turned into various decorations.

(Huh? Aniue, I found something that’s not a feather.)

“”Really~””

“N? What did you find?”

“”It’s this~””

(A metal rod?)

Allen and Elena picked up what Bolt had found and brought it to me.

It was a metal rod that was a little thinner than my pinky finger. There was more than one of these, too.

“What is.”

“This~?”

“Erm… ah, it’s a whistle.”

When I looked it up with Appraisal, I found that it was a whistle.

I took the whistle and blew on it, and—Pii~! And it made a beautiful, high-pitched sound.

“It’s quite loud. This could be used as a signal, don’t you think?”

“”Signal~?””

“Yes, let’s say you all went gathering separately. And so, when I blew on this whistle, it would spell the end. Wouldn’t it be a good to use as ‘Get back to me~’ signal?”

“”Ohh~””

“Also, let’s see~ It could be also used as ‘Come over here~’ signal when you find something somewhere.”

“”Call~?””

“That’s right, you can use it to call us over.”

“”Come over here~?””

“Yeah.”

There were smoke and light bombs, but they were for emergencies.

But this whistle would be much easier to use. We just got a bunch of them, so each of us can have one.

“Try blowing on it.”

“”Okay, will try~!””

I let the children choose their favorite colored whistle and try it out, and they made a beautiful sound.

“Yep, sounds good. When we hear this sound, we will follow it to the source. Let’s make it a rule.”

“”Okay, got it!””

“Ah, no blowing the whistles to prank others, okay?”

“”No pranks!””

“Also… Just because you hear this sound doesn't necessarily mean it's me, so remember to be vigilant when heading to the location of the sound. Okay?"

“”Yes!””

“Alright, good kids! Put the whistles in your pouches.”

Allen and Elena hurriedly put the whistles in their pouches.

Well, there is still an element of uncertainty, but it could be very convenient.

“Joule, Feat, Vector, did you hear what we discussed just now~?”

(Yes, we heard. All’s good!)

(Roger that, Niisama.)

(Got it~)

Joule and the others can't blow the whistle, but when they hear the sound of the whistle, they will gather at the location of the sound.

Bolt and Mile were together with Allen and Elena and nodding in understanding while I was explaining, so when I confirmed with the Joule and the other two resting animals, all three nodded that they understood.

“Are you okay now?”

(Yes, I have calmed down.)

After we finished picking up the loot, I checked on Joule and others’ physical condition before resuming.

“Then, where do we go next, Allen, Elena?”

“”That way~!””

We walked along, more wary of the Noisebirds than necessary so that we wouldn't have to go through the same thing again.

“”There they come!””

As soon as someone spotted a Noisebird, they attacked it with a magic attack before it could get close. Each attack was basically an overreaction.

I'm not as good as Joule and the others, but I have better hearing than most people because of my physical abilities, and I don't want to experience a noise attack again. So, I didn't stop everyone, even if it was an overkill.

“Oniichan.”

“Look, look~”

“What is it?”

“Whistle~”

“So small~”

The whistle that Allen and Elena brought was a little-type whistle.

“How small~ It’s as big as the size of one of your finger joints?”

(Takumi Nii. I want that one!)

As we were checking the length of the whistle in Allen's palm by placing his own little finger along it, Mile climbed up into Allen's palm.

“N? Oh, Mile would be probably able to use this one.”

(Right!)

“Mile, okay~”

“Here you go~”

(Thank you.)

Elena picked up the whistle from Allen's palm and offered it to Mile.

“Mile, try blowing on it.”

(Okay!)

The whistle sounded good, and the weight was not a problem, so I hooked it to the bracelet Mile wore around her neck.

“Oh, looking good!”

(Right!)

The short whistle was silver, so it looked like a pendant.

“”Coming again—!””

“Again?”

Just as I was about to pick up the rest of the loot, the Noise horde came again.

Well, they were easily defeated, though.

“”A strange whistle~?””

And this time, there seemed to be a bird-shaped whistle.

“Allen, try blowing on it.”

“Okay.”

When Allen blew the whistle, it made a—---Pirororo~♪ sound.

“”Ohh~””

Finding it amusing, Allen and Elena took turns blowing the whistle.

“It’s like a toy.”

“”A toy!””

When I decided that the whistle was a toy because it didn't sound very loud, and it sounded very different, Allen and Elena’s eyes sparkled.

“”Luca-chan’s toy!””

“Oh, I see. That’s a good idea.”

That being the case, the bird-shaped whistle was to be Lucario-kun's souvenir.




Chapter 335

We got more things on the twelfth floor, and steadily proceeded through the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth floors, collecting a lot of strange things, dyes and other drops, and finally found the Boss room on the fifteenth floor.

“”Over there!””

(Oh, yes. I can see something that looks like a Boss room~)

“N~ this is a good place to end, so this should be our last one.”

If we get too absorbed in capturing the dungeon, we will miss the time to return to Guardia, so I think I will end it here.

(Ehh~ we are leaving already~?)

(It’s unfortunate, but it cannot be helped~)

(Vector, don’t be selfish now. This was agreed upon from the beginning!)

(That’s right. It’s not like this is our last time here, right?)

(That’s right! Endure!)

(... Okay~)

As we walked along, soothing the discouraged Vector, the door to the Boss's room came into clear sight.

Then I noticed that there were people there.

“””Ah.”””

“””””Haah!?”””””

The “Dawn Star” party we met a few days ago was resting in front of the Boss room door.

Moreover, they looked at us as if they were looking at something strange.

“Nonono! Home come you are already at this floor!”

“That’s right! It’s strange!”

“We only met you at the fifth floor. You have captured ten floors in this period!?”

Kurt-san, Timon-kun, Hughbert-san shouted one after another.

We have been capturing one floor a day, so it's taken us a little over ten days to get to this point. There were some floors that took a little longer to capture, and we took some detours, so I'd say it's been about twelve or thirteen days.

Well, it would normally take several months to get here, so I'm not surprised of their reaction~

“Considering Takumi-san’s team’s abilities, they should be able to capture these many floors in the shortest number of days.”

“Indeed. They have both the strength and mobility.”

Brian-san and Rovel-san began analyzing the situation calmly.

“Are you all resting up before the Boss battle?”

“Yes, we want to be in perfect physical condition before the Boss battle.”

“Correct. That is very important.”

That being said, we have never taken a break before the Boss battle before~

“Oniichan.”

“Not going to fight the Boss~?”

Allen and Elena’s expressions were urging, “Alright, let’s step into the Boss room right away”.

“Allen, Elena, we have to keep the order and wait for our turn. The people from the Dawn Star were here first, so we will go after them.”

“”...... I see~””

Being stopped by me, Allen and Elena became a little dispirited.

If there are multiple challengers in front of the Boss room, the ones who arrive first have the right to challenge the Boss first.

This rule seems to have been established because in popular dungeons, multiple challengers encountered each other in front of the Boss room, causing a dispute over who would challenge it first.

The door to the Boss room is closed during the battle to prevent intruders from entering, but once the battle is over, the next person can challenge it immediately, so I don't think there's really any need for such a dispute in the first place, but I guess it's no use thinking about it.

“We are resting as you can see, so you can challenge it first…”

“”Really!?””

Brian-san gave his permission, and Allen and Elena smiled.

“But are you guys going to be all right without a rest?”

Brian-san was worried about us trying to challenge the Boss room as soon as we arrived.

In the advanced dungeon, the slightest hiccup can be fatal, so you should never overdo it or do anything rash.

“My children have a lot of energy, you see~”

“”Full of energy!””

“But now that we have met everyone again, why don’t we take a break together?”

“Sure, I don’t mi—---”

“”Ehh~ are we not going~””

As if to cover Brian-san’s agreement, Allen and Elena raised their voices in frustration.

“What’s the difference a few hours would make?”

“Wanna go~”

“Quickly~”

“If we go early, we will just end up going home early too, you know?”

When I reminded them that once the Boss battle is over, the capture of the dungeon will come to an end as well, Allen and Elena stilled.

“”Got it! Will wait!”

The two of them changed their opinions.

“”Can go play?”

“Don’t go too far from here.”

“”Okay~””

(Ah, I’m going too!)

(Me too~)

In order to stay in the dungeon as long as possible, they decided to call of the Boss battle for the time being and play at the fifteenth floor.

And so, Allen and Elena went back into the forest with Joule and Vector.

“Ta, Takumi-san, you are letting the children go out alone!?”

“They promised me not to go too far, so it will be fine. They also have proper escort.”

“Ah, you are right…”

Probably still worried, the Dawn Star five were glancing toward the forest with concern.

(Fufu, they are kind people~)

(Indeed. To be worried about children they just met, they are quite good.)

(Good people!)

After a while, the Dawn Star looked relieved when they saw the children returning happily. They are good people after all~

“”Oniichan!””

“Welcome back~”

“”((We have returned!))””

“Any injuries?”

“”None! But!””

“Got.”

“Souvenirs!”

Allen and Elena took out stuff from their pouches one after the other.

“””””Hehh~~~...”””””

Pelts, horns, feathers, dyes, and more. The Dawn Star party members let out surprised voices after seeing the amount of loot the kids took out.

“T, this is the stuff you got together with the Fenrir and Scarlet King Leo, right?”

“”Not really?””

“This is Allen’s.”

“This is Elena’s.”

“””””......”””””

The representative of the Dawn Start, Kurt-san, checked whether the loot was obtained by Joule and Vector, but the children indifferently denied, so now they were at lost for words.

(The things I got are here.)

(Mine are these~)

Then, Joule and Vector held out baskets of dropped items, saying that this is what they had collected. It seems they didn't leave it with the kids, but brought it themselves.

(We were competing over the number of loot we got!)

(Niichan, count it~ who won?)

“Eh? You were having a contest?”

“”Yeah!””

I see, they didn't mix the spoils because they were having a contest, so they each had their own with them…

“Alright, alright. I just have to count it, right?”

“”Please~””

I counted the loot and found that Allen, Elena, and Joule had the same number, while Vector had one less.

“”Victory~””

(We did it! That means Vector is last!)

(... Damn it~ Just one? Just by one!? So frustrated~~~)

Allen, Elena, and Joule were hopping about in delight, while Vector melted down to the ground in dejection.

“Ta, Takumi-san, is this really what the kids obtained? By defeating monsters?”

“Brian-san! Rather than that! The number! It’s impossible to collect this much in such amount of time!”

“It’s both!”

The Dawn Star was greatly confused.

“”Said we can fight!””

Facing the Dawn Star, Allen and Elena puffed out their chest pridefully.

When they met at the fifth floor, they told them that they could fight, but they didn't believe them, so they were not happy about it~




Chapter 336

“Have you calmed down?”

“Yeah.”

After a while, the five members of the Dawn Star finally came to their senses.

“”You okay~?””

Allen and Elena also looked at them worriedly, but since the two of them were the cause of the confusion, the five members of the Dawn Star wore subtle expressions.

“We are fine. We are sorry for worrying you.”

“”I see~ Glad to hear that~””

“Fufu, thank you very much. Still, you two are really strong, aren’t you?”

“”Yeah, strong!””

Allen and Elena were not humble at all.

“”But you know, you see, Oniichan is much stronger!””

“Oh my, is that so?”

“Allen and Elena is D-rank.”

“Oniichan is A-rank!”

Allen and Elena seemed to be comfortable talking to Brian-san and told him their adventurer ranks. I think it’s the first time they have ever told someone their rank?

“Oh my, I thought he wasn’t an ordinary person, but I guess I was right.”

“”That’s right! What about you, Brian Oniichan?”

“Me?”

“”Yeah!””

“I’m also A-rank, just like your Oniichan.”

“”Knew it!””

Brian-san was also A-ranker.

Rather than that, Allen and Elena seemingly guessed Brian-san’s rank.

“If you ever heard someone talking of ‘Reijin’ Brian, then that’s our leader.”

“”Reijin? Oniichan, what is Reijin?”

“A beauty, it means a pretty person.”

“”Ohh~ it fits!”

“Indeed.”

Brian-san’s alias was “Reijin”, huh~ It fits him perfectly.

He’s good-looking, soft-spoken, sincere, and strong, so he’s probably very popular~

“Kurt! Why did you expose me like that!”

Brian-san’s voice got unusually loud. His face got a little bit red.

… I’m sure he’s feeling embarrassed.

“”Oniichan is ‘Setsuna’!””

“Hey!? Allen, Elena, you are not supposed to say that!”

““Not allowed to say?””

“I would prefer you didn’t~”

“”Even though is cool?””

My alias was revealed by teh kids. It’s a little embarrassing having others know your alias, huh.

“Speaking of Setsuna, isn’t he the one who achieved A-rank in the shortest time?”

“Come to think of it, his unique characteristics are all matching.”

“That’s certainly true!”

Kurt-san and his friends seem to know a lot about adventurers from other countries.

They really know a lot~ I wonder where they get that kind of information? Maybe the tavern of the Adventurer’s Guild?

Then again, I don’t use the tavern much, so I don’t have many opportunities to get information. I don’t even go to the Adventurer’s Guild to get requests that often, so I’m less likely to go there than a normal adventurer.

“You guys know a lot. Where do you get this information from?”

“N? Let’s see~ I guess we get the most from our peers?”

“Yeah. And also from the inkeepers.”

“Indeed. And while the guild staff can’t tell you much about someone’s abilities, they are able to give you some random information.”

So interacting with others, I guess~ I can’t go to the tavern too often, so I guess I will have to get some information from the Guild. I should ask Andy, the Guild Master of the Adventurer’s Guild in the royal capital of Guardia, what kind of people have aliases. I’m sure he will be able to give me their names and description.

“That reminds me, I heard the kids Setsuna travels with are quite amazing themselves. It appears to be the truth, these little fellows are nothing short of amazing!”

“They are talked about even though they are just children, aren’t they going to get aliases soon as well?”

“That’s likely! Something like ‘Shindou*’ perhaps?” (*wonder child)

“‘Shindou’ is too normal. Isn’t that what the nobles tend to use for their children when they are little better than average? Let it not be that one.”

“How about ‘Miko’ then?”

“That’s not going to work either because the priests would get all noise over it!”

Kurt-san, Timon-san, and Hughbert-san were getting excited over Allen and Elena’s aliases.

Shindou and Miko were so accurate I got startled.

“When it comes to the aliases for the two kids, shouldn’t it contain the word ‘Twins’?”

“Like ‘Twin Swords’ or ‘Shield Twins’?”

“‘Swords’ is possible, but ‘Shield’ probably not, right?——Pipsqueaks, what are your special moves?”

“Kicking!”

“Water!”

“Kicking moves and water magic, huh. How about ‘Twin Beats’?”

“They use water magic and their hair color also match, so how about ‘Twin Skies’?”

Hahaha~ They are coming up with really suitable names~

Moreover, Allen and Elena were also participating.

“Takumi-san, I apologize for my guys.”

“Sorry.”

When I was smiling bitterly at a distance, Brian-san and Rovel-san come up to me and apologized.

“There’s no need to apologize. But, what do I say… so my alias was also decided like this, huh~… I feel complicated just thinking about it.”

“… Yes, truly.”

Brian-san who was named ‘Reijin’ was making an even more complicated expression.

His alias suits his appearances perfectly. Of course, it would make him feel complicated.

“You don’t like being called by your alias as well, Brian-san?”

“Yes, you too, Takumi-san?”

“Yeah. The power of people is amazing, isn’t it? Before I knew it, it had taken root and spread around.”

“Truly. By the time I realized, it was already too late.”

As for the alias, Brian-san seemed to be on the same page as me.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan!””

“What is it?”

“We wanna eat.”

“Together with everyone!”

As I was letting out a sigh with Brian-san, Allen and Elena came running up to me.

They seemed to have hit it off with Kurt-san and the others and wanted to share a meal with them.

“Sure. Go ask them what they want to eat.”

“”Okay!””

I agreed, and they happily went back to Kurt-san and his companions.

“Brian-san, Rovel-san. That being the case, would you like to have a meal with us? Or have you already eaten?”

“No, we were just about to eat… though, speaking of meal, the only thing we have is portable food.”

Ah, as I thought, the Dawn Star eats portable food, too.

“I have got the ingredients, so I will make you a proper meal. Is there anything you want to eat?”

“Eh? Ingredients? What do you mean, Takumi-san? I don’t think there are many raw ingredients to gather in this dungeon?”

Ah~ It seems that this labyrinth doesn’t offer much in the way of ingredients.

The only ingredients we have gotten so far are the lychee fruits and Black Bison meat.

“I have a pretty good magic bag, so I have plenty of ingredients left on me.”

“That’s great. Are you really sure, though? To be honest, I’m starting to miss regular meals, so even a soup with no ingredients would be very much appreciated…”

“You’d be happy with a soup with no ingredients!?”

Huh!? Aren’t they starving more than I thought!?

I don’t know how many days Brian-san and the others have been on this floor, but they should be still good on food that lasts, right? What do they take with them? Is it related to it? They are carrying only hard bread, dried meat, and water?

Uwaah~ of course they must be hungry. So painful! I don’t think I would be able to stand it!!

“I will serve you something better than soup with no ingredients! Please, come eat with us.”

An instant soup would make things a little better, wouldn’t it? I really hope it spreads fast~




Chapter 337

“”Oniichan.”

“Yes, yes, what would you like to eat?”

“”Feast!””

“N? A feast?”

“”Yeah, a feast!””

The children did not give specific names of dishes, nor did they give ingredients such as “meat” or “fish”.

“… Are you saying it can be anything?”

“”Something like that!””

“……”

“Erm… what do I do then~? Is there something you guys want to eat?”

“”N, you see~… ah! Pig shoga!!”

“Shogayaki, huh. Sure, sounds good. Let’s do that then.”

Although they said pork, it’s going to be Orc meat!

This time, I won’t be using the higher species, I will just use the regular orc.

“What would you rather have, a thick one or many thin ones?”

“”Many!””

“Okay, thin it is.”

A single steak or several thin slices of meat is no different in terms of quantity, but… the number of slices will make you feel like you had eaten more.

“The main dish is decided on then. Also, a soup, salad and bread, I guess? N~ when it comes to shogayaki, I feel like eating donburi rice with it, but…”

“”Rice sounds nice~””

“Brian-san, I have a way to make white wheat taste good, but how do you feel about that? It will be a substitute to bread.”

Normally I would offer bread and avoid anything that might cause a fuss, but for some reason I had an irresistible urge to eat rice, so I decided to ask straightforwardly.

We could offer bread to Brian-san and the others and eat rice on our own, but if we were eating something different, they would definitely point it out!

“White wheat? I can’t imagine how to eat that hard stuff without any taste, but… I’m not against it.”

“Is that so? Thank you.”

Well, if it doesn’t work, I can just serve bread from the Infinite Storage, so there’s no need to hesitate to make donburi!

“Then, I need to cook the rice fi—”

“”Will do~!””

“N? I will leave it to you then.”

“”No worry. Leave it to us!”

I took out the rice cooker and white wheat from the Infinite Storage, and Allen and Elena began to measure the amount of rice with familiarity. In the meanwhile, I cut the Orc meat into thin slices, and began working on the shogayaki sauce.

“What soup would you like?”

“Would like eggy!”

“Fluffy one!”

“Fluffy egg soup, huh. Roger that.”

Other ingredients for an egg drop soup would be… mushrooms, I guess?

As for the vegetables, rather than eating them as a salad… I will just lightly fry cabbage and leek with salt and pepper and put them under the shogayaki.

Since the menu has been decided, I can add things as I go along.

“Oniichan.”

“Rice is cooked~”

“Can you mix it and serve it into the bowls?”

“”Can do~!””

I put fried veggies on top of the rice that Allen and Elena had prepared, and topped it with shogayaki.

“The fragrance is dangerous!”

“Looks deliicous.”

“I’m starving~”

Kurt-san and the others gathered around us, as if they couldn’t wait.

“Yes, yes, it’s done, so please take it away.”

“”Yay~””

“Takumi-san, I’m really, really sorry about our guys.”

“It’s fine. Here, have some too, Brian-san. Rovel-san, too.”

“Thank you very much. It looks very delicious.”

“Thank you very much.”

Those who received their bowls in turn relaxed their cheeks.

“Allen, Elena, give some to Joule and the rest as well.”

“”Okay~””

I prepared enough soup for everyone and served it to them.

I would normally eat with chopsticks, but today I’m using a fork to accommodate everyone. It makes me feel a bit strange to use a fork for a donburi, but it can’t be helped.

“””Superb!”””

When the rice was passed to everyone and they started eating, Kurt-san and the others seemed to like it and ate quietly.

“This is white wheat?”

“Yes, that’s right. How is it? If you don’t like it, I have bread too, so don’t hesitate to tell me.”

“No, it’s very delicious. It goes very well with the strongly-flavored meat.——Don’t you think so too, Rovel?”

“White wheat soaked in the sauce is the best!”

It seems to have suited Brian-san’s palate as well~ ……, but Rovell, who was quiet, and a bit reserved, had the best reaction. He seemed to like it a lot.

That’s right. Rice soaked in sauce is delicious!

“”Oniichan, is delish!””

“I see, I’m glad to hear that. Eat lots.”

“”Yeah!””

Everyone finished eating in a flash, and even the second helping of rice I had prepared was eaten without leaving a single grain. Or rather, they were eating as if they were competing with each other.

“Thank you for the food, Takumi-san. It was really delicious. That white wheat was so sticky, it was more satisfying than eating bread.”

“I’m glad you liked it.”

“I didn’t know there was such a way to eat it. I’d ask you how to cook it, but none of us can cook, so I’m afraid this was the first and last time.”

It seems that none of Brian-san’s party can cook. Not many people among the adventurers can cook, huh~

“It’s true that cooking with a pot and fire requires some knack for cooking, but once you have the magic tools, cooking itself is pretty easy. You see, even my children can do it. Oh, but it’s also going to be more luggage to carry around.”

Even I am not confident about cooking rice in a pot. But with a rice cooker, as long as you measure out the white wheat and water properly, you can cook it with the flick of a switch, so I’m sure anyone can do it, but it’s not suitable for adventurers with limited luggage weight.

“Come to think of it, the children were cooking this, huh.”

“”Is simple!””

“… Takumi-san, is the magic tool you were using something that can be obtained only in Guardia?”

“The rice cooker? I’m sure you can get one in the royal capital. I got it there myself.”

“Is that so?”

Hearing the children’s words, Brian-san seemed to be thinking of a plan to get a rice cooker.

It seemed that I had succeeded in propagating white wheat. White wheat has almost no food status, so I’m glad to see it gaining a better reputation.

“Ah, come to think of it, there’s a magic tool store in Byld! The owner told me that he was friends with the craftsman in Guardia, so he might be able to make you one!”

“Really!”

“Yes. Ah, but…”

There’s a good chance they won’t be able to find it because the store is concealed with magic.

“Takumi-san, is something the matter?”

“No, it’s a special store, so I’m worried you won’t find it even if I tell you its location.”

“Is it that special?”

“”Is hidden with magic!””

“Hidden with magic?”

“Yes, it’s human repellent spell, to be precise. Normal people would probably walk just past it!”

Brian-san looked at me strangely, as if he had no idea why would a store had such magic cast on it.

“I know it.”

“Rovel, you know it?”

Brian-san was surprised that Rovel-san seemed to know about the store.

Rovel-san must be a magician with a high amount of magic power.

“I didn’t know it was a magic tool store, but I know of a building hidden with magic.”

“You never entered inside, Rovel-san?”

“I wouldn’t approach it of my own accord.”

Oh, yeah, a building with magic on it would be suspicious. Normally, you wouldn’t go near it.

Well, we just strolled in, though~

“It’s the building next to the grocery store. If you need a rice cooker, try asking there.”

“There still are some things I don’t know about the town I’m based in, huh. Thank you for the valuable information.”

“Nono, I’m glad I could be of help. Ah, right. We are planning to go back to the town after we finish this Boss room, but I think we still have a few days before we go back to Guardia. So, if you have any recommendations for places or stores in the town, could you let me know?”

“In that case…——”

During the break after lunch, Brian-san and the others gave me a lot of information about good places to eat.




Chapter 338

As a result of our discussion, we decided to challenge the Boss room together with the members of the Dawn Star.

Eight people and five animals, including children, was indeed a large group, so I decided to ask Joule and the others to return to the shadows a little early. Joule and the others were disappointed that they couldn’t challenge the Boss room, but when I promised them that we would definitely go to an advanced dungeon in the near future, they agreed.

“I was told that the boss of this floor was a Forest Tiger.”

“Heeh~ A Forest Tiger, huh.”

Forest tigers are highly mobile big cat monsters.

“”Ohh~”

“Green.”

“Tiger~”

“”How pretty!””

The boss of the fifteenth floor was, as expected, a Forest Tiger. Allen and Elena were delighted to see a brightly colored green tiger.

“There’s three!?”

“I didn’t hear anything about that!”

While my kids were looking happy, the Dawn Star was shocked.

The type of the Boss they had expected was correct, so the number must be a problem. Was it just one according to the information?

“”Can defeat?””

“Ah~ wait a moment.——Brian-san, Brian-san.”

I stopped the children who were about to start running towards the Forest Tigers and called out to Brian-san, who was holding his weapon and was more cautious than necessary.

The Forest Tigers were also wary, but they were just wandering around and didn’t immediately come towards us.

“Y, yeah, what is it?”

“Calm down, please. Can you guys take on one of them?”

“Eh, however, that’s…”

“We will be fine.”

Forest Tigers are B-ranked monsters, but their mobility makes it difficult to inflict fatal wounds on them, so even adventurers of equal rank have a hard time defeating them. Well, even though they are hard to defeat, if you concentrate and persist, you can defeat them. If it’s just one.

However, if there are two or more of them, the story changes. With more than one moving around quickly with complex movements, it would be impossible to deal with them.

“I fight mainly with magic, so there’s no need to get too close. If you are worried about me, just kill the one you have got and come back for support.”

“I… see. Understood.”

If we use magic to control them and keep them away from us, we can buy ourselves some time…

When I said that in a way that could be misunderstood, Brian-san reluctantly agreed, so I decided to take immediate action.

“Allen, Elena. I’m going to get the attention of two and get further away.”

“”Got it.””

“Alright, let’s go.——Air Shot.”

I hit the two Forest Tigers with a light air shot and started running away from Brian-san and the others.

((Grrrrrr.))

“”Coming~””

I seemed to have lured the fish well, and the Forest Tigers I had hit with the air shots were chasing after us.

Brian-san intervened at the right moment to prevent the last one from chasing us, so our plan was a success.

“”Can play?””

“You two play with one of them. I believe your opponent should be quite fast, so be careful.”

“”Okay~””

The children headed towards a Forest Tiger with excited expressions on their faces.

… I feel that the levels I finally caught up on thanks to the Orc subjugation were lost again during our dungeon dive, so I am glad I managed to secure one of them for myself.

“”Eat this~!””

(Gau.)

Allen and Elena immediately launch a flying kick at the Forest Tiger, but the Forest Tiger easily avoided it.

“”Ohh~””

For some reason, the children were touched that their flying kick got avoided.

Was it because it could avoid it so easily? N? Was this the first time… that something was able to avoid their attack so easily?

“It has some good moves~”

The Forest Tigers are somewhat largish, but their movements are snappy.

“Bind, Wind Cutter.”

So far, the children were not at risk while fighting, but I don’t want to take my eyes off them for too long.

So, I bound the Forest Tiger I was facing with ivy and quickly defeated with Wind Cutter.

“Yaah—!”

“Haah—!”

I picked up the loot and returned my attention to the children. And then, perhaps because they expected the Forest Tiger to dodge if they attacked at the same time, they layered their attacks one after another.

“”Huh~?””

Hoever, even that attack got avoided by the Forest Tiger.

Allen and Elena looked at each other strangely, and then looked a little happy as their series of attacks were dodged.

“”Fufufu~””

They were grinning. I guess they must be having a different kind of fun from the usual~

“”Here we go~””

Allen and Elena’s next move was to kick a tree trunk to speed up, grab a low branch to change direction, and move in any direction to distract the opponent.

Come to think of it, they don’t attack in a way that obstructs their opponent~ Well, I guess they have no way to attack in a way that restricts or stalls their opponent’s movement…?

But even if there was a way, I don’t think my kids would use it. They seem to have a penchant for head-on attacks.

“”Yaa—!””

Allen and Elena moved around Forest Tiger and simultaneously kicked it from separate directions.

The Forest Tiger was indeed unable to keep up with their movements, and stumbled back after being kicked by the two.

“”Torya—!””

(Gyuan.)

In the end, their signature move, the ax kick, was successful and the Forest Tiger collapsed powerlessly.

“”Defeated~””

“Good job. You looked like you were having fun.”

“”Yeah, had fun!””

The children were in a good mood after picking up the loot and coming back to me.

“Here is green fur~”

“And here is fangs~”

The Forest Tiger loot they brought was a beautiful green fur with black stripes and fangs, same as the loot I got.

“Well, let’s go back to Brian-san’s group. They might still be fighting over there, so keep your eyes open.”

“”Yes!””

When we returned to Brian-san and his team, they had just defeated the Forest Tiger and were rushing to support us.

“Eh? Ehh? Did you kill both of them already?”

“”Defeated~””

However, they were a little stunned to see us come back nonchalantly.

It was because we finished the battle with two tigers before Brian-san’s team could defeat one. Well, that’s the thing, isn’t it? Let’s just say that Brian-san and the others did not have as good compatibility with the opponent as us.

“Let’s move to the back, shall we?”

After calming down Brian-san and the others, we moved to the teleport device room at the back of the room.

“”Ah! Found a treasure chest!””

The children, who were the first to discover the treasure chest, ran to it.

“”Can open~?””

“Wait a moment……… yeah, looks fine. I don’t detect trap of any kind.——Brian-san, can I let the kids open it?”

“Of course.”

After confirming the presence or absence of traps with Appraisal and getting Brian-san’s approval, the children opened the treasure chest.

“What’s inside?”

“”Erm, you see… a blue bird~””

“… Bird? Eh? Bird!? A living being!?”

“”Not that~ Uh, you see, glass bird~ three~”

“Ah, glass. Some kind of ornament in the shape of a bird?”

I peeked inside the treasure chest from above, where Allen and Elena were peeking.

And just like the kids said, there were three translucent blue birds inside.

“Oh, they really are birds. Doves? But it doesn’t seem to be glass.——It’s crystal.”

It was not an ornament from glass, but crystal.

“Hand two of them to Brian-san.”

“”Okay~””

When Allen and Elena took two of the figurines and presented it to Brian-san, he shook his head.

“It doesn’t make sense for us to take two.”

“Is that so?”

“That is so!”

Since we were fighting together on a temporary basis, we hadn’t decided on the distribution of the items beforehand, but it should basically be divided equally between our two parties. However, we received all loot from both of the Forest Tigers we defeated. So I thought I’d give more to the Dawn Star here~ But I got refused.

“You don’t have to be so restrained~”

“Nono, it’s not restraint, we will take only one. Have the rest, Takumi-san.”

“No, you should take two here!”

“No, we can’t!”

Brian-san and the others stubbornly refused to accept two.

People I know are always so reserved, aren’t they?

“We will go back first then.”

Brian-san and the others were going to return to the town after checking the sixteenth floor, so I gave them a set of leftover onigiri and instant soup from the Infinite Storage instead of the bird figurine.

He was very impressed when I showed him how to make the instant soup, but I wasn’t sure if he could buy more over here, so I told him to check with the Guild, and we parted ways.

“”Was so much fun~””

“That so? Let’s come back when we have a chance then.”

“”Yeah!””

This spelled the end of our dungeon capture for now.

Dungeon Record 

The 4th dungeon “Earth” 15/15 floors

The 53rd dungeon “Ripples” 30/30 floors

The 55th dungeon “Minerals” 30/30 floors

The 65th dungeon “Large Animals” 30/30 floors

The 89th dungeon “Entwined” 7/50 floors

The 94th dungeon “Colors” 15/50 floors

The descriptions on our Guild cards have become quite impressive, but I’m sure there will be more in the future~




Chapter 339

When we returned to the town, the first thing I checked was today’s date. It turned out that the ship I had booked was leaving in four days.

I had planned to be back by… five days before the departure, but the date was a little off from what I had expected. It seems that when you are working in a dungeon, you lose your sense of time even when you are careful. However, we are not late, and that’s what matters.

“Well then, what should we do today?”

We had three full days left, but we spent the first day relaxing at the inn. But two days in a row would be boring, so I asked the kids what they wanted to do.

“”Guild!””

“Guild? Eh, the Adventurer’s Guild?”

“”Yeah.””

“Let’s do.”

“A request.”

The children wanted to go to the Adventurer’s Guild to accept a request.

“We don’t really have to work, you know?”

“It’s not a workmon!”

“It’s playingmon!”

“……”

It seems that for the children, the requests they receive at the Guild are not work, but a play.

The adventurers who are desperately trying to complete their requests would be angry when they hear this.

“… Oh well, why not.”

“”Yay~!””

“However! I won’t accept any requests unless they are in the vicinity and can be completed within the day.”

“”Got it!””

And so, we headed to the Adventurer’s Guild.

“”There it is~””

“Yeah. Don’t get too excited when you get inside~”

It was our first time to come to the Adventurer’s Guild of Byld, so we had to be careful not to act like we were in a familiar place. I don’t want to make a scene and get tangled up with trouble.

“”Ah!””

Despite my warnings, as soon as Allen and Ellen entered the building, they started running around.

“Ah!”

But when I saw where they were running around, I couldn’t help but let out a surprised squeal myself.

“Takumi-san!”

The kids were actually running towards Brian-san.

“Good morning. When did you return?”

“Last night. I came here today to sell the loot we got from the dungeon.”

“I see.”

I tried to avoid the crowded hours of the morning, so we were able to meet Brian-san and the others who had come to do their business.

“What did you think of the sixteenth floor?”

“It was a pretty amazing forest.”

“”What kind? What was it like?””

“It was a forest of striped-pattern trees.”

“”Striped!””

“… A stripped-pattern forest, huh.”

The trees on the sixteenth floor were of stripped pattern, huh. That must have been a forest worth seeing~

“Wanna see!”

“Wanna go!”

“We are going back the day after tomorrow, so we can’t. Maybe next time when we have a chance.”

The children’s eyes were sparkling as they wanted to go to the dungeon, but it was indeed impossible.

No, it might be possible if we just went to take a look at it, but they will never be able to finish just by looking at it, so I will have them give up.

“You are leaving for Guardia the day after tomorrow, Takumi-san?”

“Yes, we will be boarding the first boat in the morning.”

“Is that so? Although you told us about it before, it’s a pity that we won’t be able to see each other.”

“It’s true that we won’t be able to see each other for a while, but we will surely meet again. We intend to come back to this town again, and when we do, we can go to the dungeon together.”

“Indeed. I’m looking forward to that time.”

Brian-san smiled happily. Then, at that moment, there were gasps and sighs from all around.

When I looked around again to see what was going on, I saw that the adventurers and guild staff were looking at us. Come to think of it, Brian-san is an A-ranked adventurer, right? He’s definitely a celebrity here. If someone like that were talking to someone I have never seen before, I’d pay attention too~

And the receptionist was blushing. Oh, no, some of the adventurers were also blushing. I’m sure it’s because they saw Brian-san’s smile. The smile of the “Reijin” has an enormous destructive power and influence on the people around him~

“Leader!… Oh? Isn’t that Takumi!”

“Oh, you are right. It’s Takumi-san, Allen-kun, and Elena-chan!”

Kurt-san and others came looking for Brian-san.

“Takumi! The soup you gave us in the dungeon before parting! What was that? It was super yum!”

As soon as they joined us, Hughbert-san asked about the instant soup.

“That was an instant soup that’s going to be on sale soon. I have some contacts, so I was able to get my hands on it first.”

“Ohh! So it’s going to be sold!”

“Seriously! With that, we will be able to fill our stomachs with delicious meals while camping!”

When I told them that the instant soups were going to be on sale, Kurt-san and Hughbert-san looked delighted.

“But, wait. Aren’t you from Guardia, Takumi? Is it going to be sold only in Guardia by any chance? Will it be possible to get it here as well?”

“”What!?””

However, Timon-kun noticed a problem.

That’s right. As far as I know, it’s only available in Guardia, Argo and Crete for now. I have heard that they will eventually be going to take the instant soup to all the countries… but I don’t know if they’re making any progress.

“So, Takumi! Do you know anything about it!”

“I don’t know the details, but I think it will be available here a bit later.”

“”What!?””

Kurt-san and Hughbert-san were exaggeratedly dejected.

Timon-lun was also a little disappointed.

“I’m sorry for making you experience emotional fluctuation like that. But that doesn’t mean there isn’t another way to get it.”

“”Really!?””

“Until it’s sold, you can buy it from someone you know and have them send it to you.”

“But we don’t know anyone who can do that…—Aha! Takumi’s here!!”

“Aha! I see now!”

Kurt-san and Hughbert-san realized what I was talking about.

Yep, I just have to send it to them.

“You can’t ask Takumi-san to do something that takes so much effort.”

“T, that can’t be~”

“Lea~der~!”

As Kurt-san and Hughbert-san expressed their delight, Brian-san expressed his disapproval, and their expressions became desperate again.

It’s not too much trouble to do a little shopping and arrange for delivery, but if Brian-san, the leader of the Dawn Star, is against it, then I can’t agree with Kurt-san and Hughbert-san, even if they beg me.

“Can we write.”

“Letters?”

Then, out of the blue, Allen and Elena started asking Brian-san if they could write them letters.

“Letters? Erm… to us?”

“”Yeah.””

“Of course, you are very welcome to.”

“”Really?””

“Yes, really.”

“”Oniichan, said is fine to send!””

Allen and Elena smiled at me, as if they had just gotten a promise.

“Well, why don’t we send them some of the things we get in Guardia with the letter, then?”

“”Yeah, right.””

“Eh!?”

Hearing the conversation between me and the kids, Brian-san looked surprised.

The simple teleport device at the Adventurer’s Guild can send not only letters but also small packages.

The kids have been writing letters to Rebecca-san and the others before arriving in Rubia, and to Matthias-san and the castle in the royal capital after arriving in Rubia, so they must have remembered that I sometimes send them packages as well.

“”Said we are welcome~””

“Ehh!!”

Brian-san was dumbfounded when the kids doubled-down on him.

Even if they knew that packages could be sent, I wonder where they learned such a sophisticated technique of listening to the flow of conversation and forcing the right words in return~ Very mysterious.




Chapter 340

Two days flew by since pushing Brian-san into a corner, and collecting herbs. The day came for us to wrap up our visit to Cerdik and return to Guardia.

“”That~?””

“Yes, that’s the ship. It will be leaving soon, so we should board immediately.”

“”Okay~””

We went through the boarding procedures, checked our cabin, and went on deck.

“”It’s faster than before~!””

This time the ship was smaller and a little faster than the previous one, so we could reach the town of Rubia in a day and a half. However, there were no special rooms, so we had to go first class.

“”Oniichan, will pirates come~?””

“No, you don’t encounter pirates that often. It would be troubling if they appeared so frequently.”

“”Is that so?””

“That is so!”

“”I see~ Too bad.””

Pirates are not very threatening to my children. So, they say something a little light-hearted. This is a dangerous thing to say or do before ordinary people, so I want to correct it… It is difficult to tell them that something that is not dangerous is dangerous.

“Allen, Elena, ordinary people are not able to eliminate pirates, so many people are scared of them.”

“”Is that so?””

“Yes. That’s why, you mustn’t say things like ‘Why aren’t the pirates coming~’ or ‘Aren’t there any monsters around~’ in front of other people. Everyone will dislike you.”

“”Okay, got it~””

For now, we wll just have to stick to the “don’t do anything that people won’t like you for” policy.

“Let’s head back to the cabin.”

“”Returning already~?””

The wind was much colder than when we crossed into Cerdik. So, I’m worried we would catch a co-… I feel that we won’t catch a cold, but I encouraged the kids to go back to the cabin.

“Let’s go read in a warm room.”

“”Will study~!”

“Eh, study? Not read a picture book?”

““Obaasama said.””

“Rebecca-san? What did she say?”

“”Study a lot.”

“And become a splendid gentleman.”

“And splendid lady!”

“… Ohh~”

… A gentleman and lady. I didn’t expect those words to come out.

As expected of Rebecca-san. She seems to be educating my kids well when she has the time.

I thought the kids learned by watching, because they say things I don’t even tell them, but… maybe it was Rebecca-san’s education all along~

“So, what do you want to study?”

“”Erm, you see~…””

I asked the kids as we headed to the cabin, and they crossed their arms, tilted their heads and started thinking.

“”Ah, etikete!””

“Ehh!? Etiquette!? Sorry, that’s something Oniichan is not able to teach you, I think?”

“”Is that so? Then~ dancing?””

“Dancing!? Eh, wait a moment. You are even learning dancing?”

“”Yeah!””

“Did it together.”

“With Obaasama.”

Allen and Elena seem to be steadily learning how to conduct as nobles.

The kids are supposed to be with me most of the time, but… I wonder for how long they were taught these things?

“… It’s a bit too cramped for dancing, so it may not be possible.”

“”That’s true~””

“Yeah, that’s right~”

Even if there was enough room to dance, I wouldn’t be able to teach them!

“”Then, what should we do?””

“Let’s see~ You have learned writing and reading pretty well already…”

“”Yea!””

“And you can do the maths without any problems when we go shopping~”

“”Can do~!””

Aren’t my kids too good!?

“”Then, will look at encyclopedia!””

“Allen wants monsters!”

“Elena wants plants!”

“Alright. Let’s look at the encyclopedias.”

I spent a quiet time in the cabin with the children, determined to get a variety of books that could be used as teaching materials as soon as we got to Capital.

“”… Nothing came up, huh~””

When we arrived at Rubia without incident, the children muttered in disappointment.

I think it’s because I warned them on the ship not to let anyone around them hear.

“Don’t look so disappointed, we are going to the Ruven residence.”

Rebecca-san and the others should have already left for the royal capital, but we have been told to stay at the Ruven mansion even if they aren’t here when we come back. If we were to sneak out and stay at the inn, they would surely get angry at us.

And even if we do, I have a feeling we will be found out.

“Takumi-kun, Allen-kun, Elena-san, welcome back.”

“”Is home~””

“Oh good, you came back properly.”

When we returned to the Ruven mansion, we were greeted by Daniel-san and Sylas-san, the milk brothers of Velio-san and Wald-sama.

… Still, for Sylas-san to say “You came back properly”, what is this about?

“There was a possibility that Takumi-kun would be too reserved to come, so Mistress asked me to check the ships coming from Cerdik.”

“Ehh!?”

Perhaps because I was tilting my head curiously, Sylas-san explained the meaning of his words, and I was surprised to hear it.

“I’m glad we don’t have to report, ‘Takumi-kun reserved a room in an inn’.”

I shuddered even more at Daniel-san’s words of relief.

I’m really, really glad that I didn’t go to the inn~~~

“Seeing you this flustered, were you thinking about going to an inn?”

“……”

I couldn’t reply to Daniel-san’s sharp guess, and quietly turned my gaze away.

“Silence is affirmation. It has been made known to all the servants that the three of you are to be treated as family, so please do not hold back.”

“Yeah, yeah. There are many servants who think that you guys should act more selfish because of how considerate you are.”

“”Then, play with us!””

“You have just come back from a voyage, but you are both so energetic~”

Allen and Elena immediately hugged Sylas-san.

The two of them have become close friends with Daniel-san and Sylas-san during their stay at the mansion, so they have become quite attached to them. Or rather, they are being loved by all the servants without fail.

“Have you had lunch yet?“

“We were due to arrive at the port around noon, so we had a snack on the ship before arrival.“

“I will get you some tea and a little something to snack on then.“

“Thank you.”

“Of course—Sylas, take Takumi and the children to the lounge.”

“Yeah, yeah.—Allen, Elena, let’s go.“

“Okay~“

As we moved with Sylas-san to the lounge and was picking up the snacks that Daniel-san had prepared, I asked about something that occurred to me.

“By the way, are you two not going to the Capital?”

They are the milk brothers of the Ruven brothers. They are going to celebrate Wald-sama’s wedding, right?

As servants, they may not be able to participate in the formal ceremony, but… No, they can attend the ceremony as aides, right? Well, even if they can’t attend the ceremony, they should still be able to attend the private party.

“We will be on our way to Capital in time for the ceremony.”

“We’ll not go by carriage, but use horses instead. So, we are working here until the last minute.”

“Ah, is that so?”

Since Velio-san, the Feudal Lord’s proxy, has left for the royal capital, I wonder if they are coordinating with his work?

It seems that assisting the lord’s management is also a tough job.

“Then, we will be leaving for the Capital first.”

“”I’m off~””

After a leisure overnight stay at the Ruven mansion, we departed for the royal capital the next morning.




Chapter 341

It had been a day and a half since we left the Rubia. We arrived at the Royal Capital around noon.

“”Arrived~!””

As soon as we entered the city, Allen and Elena thrust their hands upward.

“Well, let’s go straight to the Ruven residence.”

“”Yea!””

“Is Obaasama.”

“Waiting for us?”

“Yes, I’m sure she’s impatiently waiting for you.”

“”Ohh~ Then let’s hurry!””

That being the case, we quickly made our way to the Ruven residence in the Royal Capital.

When we were greeted by a se

rvant at the entrance of the Ruven mansion, I asked her not to inform the Ruven family, and then I checked with her who was present. I was told that Rebecca-san and Velio-san with his wife just made their way to the lounge to have a tea after the dinner, so we sneaked off toward the lounge.

“”Is home~””

Allen and Elena opened the door vigorously and walked into the room.

However, they were careful not to make any noise so that Lucario-kun, who would be inside, would not be startled.

“Oh my! My, oh my, oh my!”

I followed the kids into the room and saw Rebecca-san opening her eyes wide in surprise.

“Sheesh, you startled me! Welcome back~”

Rebecca-san got up from her chair and promptly walked over to us, giving the kids a hug.

“Welcome home, Takumi-san.”

“I’m home.”

And as I thought, she then proceeded to hug me as well.

“Welcome home, you three.”

“Welcome home.”

“Velio-san, Almeria-san, we are home.”

“”Is home~””

Allen and Elena walked over to Lucario-kun, who was now in Almeria-san’s arms.

“”Luca-chan, were you well~?””

“Auah~”

When Allen and Elena poked Lucario-kun’s cheeks, he made a sound as if to answer them.

“We have a hifts for you~”

“Will give it to you, Luca-chan~”

Allen took out a bird-shaped flute from his bag and waved it so that Lucario-kun could see it.

“”Fuu… you blow into it like that~””

“Uu~”

“”Fuu, you know.””

“Allen, Elena, I don’t think he can blow the flute yet?”

As expected, Lucario-kun is still too young to be capable of blowing into the flute.

“”Is that so?””

“That is so. He will be able to play with it after he grows up a little more, so hand it to Velio-san for safekeeping until then.”

“”Hmm~… got it—Velio Niisama, this is Luca-chan’s gift~””

“Yes, I will keep it safe for him. Thank you very much.”

Allen and Elena reluctantly handed the flute to Velio-san.

“May I try blowing into it?”

“”Sure, go ahead~””

“Is that so? Then—”

Velio-san, who received the bird-shaped flute, was looking at it with interest, and when he tried blowing into it—a gentle pirorororo~n♪ came out of it.

“Fufu, what a lovely sound.”

“Yes, I’m sure Lucario would li… oh my, he does seem to like it.”

“Auaah~~~♪”

“”Ohh~ he’s happy~””

When Rebecca-san and Almeria-san were giving their impressions of the sound of the flute, Lucario-kun raised his voice cheerfully.

“”Velio Niisama, blow again~””

“Alright, here I go~”

When Verio-san blew the flute again, Lucario-kun also raised his voice happily.

“There’s no doubt, it’s the flute’s sound that makes him so happy.”

“That seems to be the case. I’m glad he likes it.”

It appears that Lucario-kun liked the gift.

“Then, the next souvenir is for Rebecca-san and the rest of you.”

“Oh my, we get a souvenir, too? Didn’t I tell you don’t have to worry about it?”

“It’s fine. It’s nothing expensive this time, okay!”

When I stressed that it’s nothing they would have to reject, Rebecca-san, Velio-san and Almeria-san chuckled.

“First, we have Leychee and Nana fruits for you. I will hand those over to the kitchen staff later.”

“Oh my, Leychee and Nana fruits? That makes me very happy~”

“And here are dyes. They came in many colors.”

“Dyes? It’s true that the Byld in Cerdik is famous for its dyeing business, but the dyes themselves are not so widely available… surely not?”

Velio-san, who was recalling the characteristics of Byld, showed a hint of surprise on the way.

“Did you get them directly from the dungeon, by any chance?”

“”Correct~””

Velio-san came up with the correct answer.

“My, oh my, I thought you were just going sightseeing this time, but you went on an adventure too.”

“”Yeah!””

“That being the case, we have a variety of colors that you can use to tailor your clothes in the future. For now, I will just show you the ones the kids liked.”

I was going to give them a variety of shades of each color, but I couldn’t just take them all out and display them here, so I just showed them the pastel dyes.

“Oh my, they are very nice colors, aren’t they?”

“Yes, they are all lovely.”

“This is incredible. I didn’t know they had dyes in these colors as well.”

As I laid out the pastel dyes, Allen and Elena added, “”This is Luca-chan’s~””, “”This is Obaasama’s~””, and so on.

“Thank you~ I want to have a cloth dyed with this dye and have it made into clothes right away~”

“Yes, you are right. Mother-in-law, if I order it now, will it be ready in time for spring?”

“Fufu, I’m sure it will. Let’s call Mary tomorrow.”

I was happy to hear that they liked the colors of the dyes and would soon use them for tailoring.

“And so, Takumi-san. I’m sure you have dyes for the three of you as well, don’t you? If so, you can bring them out later. I will ask Mary to do them together.”

“……”

As expected of Rebecca-san. It’s like she knew exactly what I was thinking.

“… I really am no match for you, Rebecca-san.”

“My, oh my.”

Rebecca-san smiled happily.

Later, when he returned home, we were reunited with Matthias-san, who for some reason patted me on the head along with the children. Unfortunately, Wald-sama seemed to be working the night shift, so we didn’t get to see him again today.




Chapter 342

“Marie, I apologize for calling you over so suddenly.”

“Don’t worry, I will come anytime you call for me, Rebecca-sama.”

“Fufu, thank you.”

The next day, Mary, the wife of the owner of the Silver Thread tailoring store, came to the Ruven residence.

“And so, what have you called me for today, Rebecca-sama? Is it about your son’s marriage garments? Or is it about the clothes you ordered before?”

“No, that’s fine just as I instructed you before.”

Mary-san seemed to think that there would be changes to the outfits Rebecca-san had ordered before.

Wald-sama’s wedding is coming up soon, isn’t it? I’m looking forward to seeing Wald-sama in his formal outfit… ah, the outfit!

“Oh no! I forgot!”

“”Uniyu?””

If we were going to attend a wedding, we had to be dressed appropriately. And yet, I had forgotten to prepare the clothes.

I can just use the one I wore for the audience, but Allen and Elena, who will be sprinkling the petals, will have to wear white!

“Takumi-san, there’s no need to panic. I have ordered outfits for you as well as for Allen-chan and Elena-chan.”

“… Eh?”

Rebecca-san smiled at me as I panicked.

“Wha? Eh? erm… Rebecca-san, please repeat that one more time.”

“Fufu, I have already asked Mary to prepare outfits for you guys for Wald-san’s wedding.”

“Allen’s too?”

“Elena’s as well?”

“Yes, I have received the order. Please check later that the size fits properly.”

“”Okay~””

“Ah, thank you very much. That’s very helpful.”

“Preparing the outfits for my son and grandchildren is the least I can do.”

Rebecca-san did not miss a beat. She even took care of our outfits.

I really am no match for Rebecca-san~

“Rebecca-sama, what have you called me for today, if not the wedding clothes?”

“Oh my, I almost forgot. You see, Mary, Takumi-san has brought us back all kinds of dyes as souvenirs.”

“My, dyes, you say?”

“Indeed. So, I would like to ask you to do everything from dyeing to tailoring, but will you be able to do it between now and spring?”

“There won’t be a problem. You can leave it to me.”

We had digressed a bit, but we finally got to the point of the day.

“Yes, yes, the dyes, some of them are rare… so be prepared, Mary.”

“No, no, Rebecca-sama. I’m not surprised easily by these things.”

“Oh, you will be surprised~”

Rebecca-san smiled wryly at Mary-san.

“Then, Takumi-san, please show them in the same order as we discussed yesterday.”

“Yes, I understand.”

Yesterday, I had Rebecca-san look at the dyes I could provide. From the various shades of each color, we had gotten from the first to the tenth floor, to pastel and fluorescent colors from higher floors. She was so surprised at the variety~

“My! What a wonderful selection!”

First, I put a bottle of each color we carefully selected, and Mary-san’s face beamed.

“Right, Mary-san. How much cloth can be dyed with one bottle of this dye?”

“Have you ever seen cloth sold in rolls, Takumi-sama?”

“Yes, I have.”

“It varies a little depending on the type and thickness of the fabric, but you can dye about one roll with one bottle.”

“Heeh~ I see.”

Oh, great! So it’s not just a handkerchief or something!

If you can dye one roll, that’s enough to tailor several outfits.

“They are really wonderful~ These are hard to find dyes, especially in this pale shade. I can’t believe there are so many kinds! So that’s why Rebecca-sama said I would surprised~”

“Oh my, Mary. That’s not all. This is just the beginning.”

“Rebecca-sama, are you saying there’s more than this?”

“Fufu, that’s right.——Takumi-san, take out the last batch please.”

At Rebecca-san’s urging, I took out the dyes that we had obtained at the 13th and 14th floors.

The dyes that we had gotten on the 13th and 14th levels were, you won’t believe this! They were polka-dot dyes.

Moreover, the polka-dot pattern stays intact even if you shake up the bottle, they truly are miraculous dyes.

Rebecca-san was speechless with surprise when she saw it yesterday~

“T, this is!!”

“Fufu, what do you think, Mary?”

Today, I prepared three kinds of patterns: a white background with small light blue patterns of the same size, a black background with large gray patterns of the same size, and a blue background with white patterns of various sizes.

Mary-san’s eyes widened in surprise as she stared at the dyes.

“O, oh my goodness! Are these really dyes!?”

“I thought so too when I saw it yesterday, but they definitely look like dyes to me.”

“That is wonderful!!——Ta, Takumi-sama! W, where did you obtain these kinds of dyes!?”

“In the Dungeon of Colors.”

“The Dungeon of Colors! Oh my goodness, you can get things like these in that dungeon!?”

Huh? From Mary-san’s reaction, it seems like she’s never seen or heard of polka dot dyes before.

“Err… you never heard about these kinds of dyes before, Mary-san?”

“Yes, that’s correct. I’ve been in the tailoring business for a long time, but I didn’t know that these kinds of dyes existed.”

“So it’s only available in the town of Byld?”

“No, I’ve been to the town of Byld several times for purchasing, but they have these at that time.”

“Ehh!?”

It’s not that they didn’t have many, it’s that they didn’t have any at all!?

“My, oh my, you have obtained something rare then~”

“… I didn’t know:”

I didn’t think they were rare dyes at all, because we got a good number of them.

“”Obaasama, it’s rare~?””

“That seems to be the case~”

“”We found so many, though~?””

“Ah, Allen, Elena! That was supposed to be a secret!”

“Obaasama, not good.”

“It was a secret~”

“Fufu, that’s right. It’s probably for the best to not talk about it too much.——That being the case, don’t tell anyone where these dyes came from, Mary.”

“Understood. I’m a merchant myself. I don’t leak my suppliers’ information.”

Rebecca-san quickly told Mary-san not to say anything, so I’m sure it won’t come to anything strange.

“Mary-san, if you need these dyes, you can tell me. I can give you a discount.”

“My, that makes me happy. I’d love to have them.”

I had plenty of dyes, so I decided to sell them at a low price in return.

“My, oh my, you look delighted, Mary.”

“You can tell?”

“Yes. But, you will have to take our order first, please.”

“Yes, of course. So, do you have any wishes for the dress’ shape and colors?”

Rebecca-san and Mary-san compared the colors of the dyes and spent a long time discussing and deciding on the final appearance of the clothes.

“Then, I will ask you to do it like that.”

“Yes, please leave it to me.”

In the end, she ordered a couple of spring dresses for herself and Almeria-san. One for socializing and one for everyday wear. She also ordered clothes for Lucario-kun, shirts and jackets for Mathias-san and Velio-san, and even clothes for me and the kids.

I thought we had ordered quite a lot, but Mary-san seemed happy to accept our order.

“So the only dyes you’ll be selling are polka-dot patterns?”

“Yes, that’s correct.”

We had talked about selling the dye at a discount as hush money, but after another discussion between Rebecca-san and Mary-san, we decided to leave Mary-san the rest of the cloth that we ordered to have dyed. Even if we dyed several rolls of cloth, we wouldn’t use all of it.

I also decided to sell a few bottles of polka dot dye at the regular price. Mary-san wanted to buy them at a higher price, but we wanted to spread out the customers and disguise the source.

We decided to have loungewear and nightclothes made for ourselves from the polka-dot dyes, but even though we were indoors clothes, we may be seen, so we decided to take more precautions. Moreover, Rebecca-san said that it would be ideal if Mary-san took orders from other people and tailored them before our own.

Surely that would make it less conspicuous, since there would be customers before us~ As expected of Rebecca-san. She really is a reliable person.




Chapter 343

“”Where we go~?””

“Let’s see~ I’d like to have the thing made soon, so let’s go first order it.”

Today we were going to walk around the city, but before we forgot, we have to finish ordering the goods.

So we headed to the jewelry store first.

“I know this place~!”

“The place where Elena bought this!”

“Correct.”

It was the same store where we had the pearl jewelry made and where I bought the snowflake brooch that Elena liked to wear.

“Well, well, well! Isn’t this Takumi-sama! Welcome to our store.”

As we entered the store, the shopkeeper at the far end came flying up to me.

I have met him several times, and I’m pretty sure he’s the manager of this store. He pushed aside a nearby shopkeeper and came over to us.

“Erm, you remember me?”

“Of course, I remember you. How could I forget Takumi-sama, the man who gave me those magnificent pearls?”

“Ah~ those would certainly leave a lasting impression.”

All the pearls I had were of good quality and size, and I even had colored pearls that he had never seen before, so I guess he could remember my face because of that.

“What can I do for you today?”

“A production order. If possible, I would like it to be done in a hurry… Oh, and of course, I will pay a fee for that.”

“First of all, let’s talk about the product you want to make. Some things take longer to make than others, after all.”

“That’s true.”

“Then come to the back. Let’s talk over there.”

We were led to a reception room at the back of the store.

“It’s been a while, Takumi-sama. What is it that you are looking for?”

In the reception room, the designer, who had also come to the Ruven residence before, joined us.

“I would like you to make ornaments using this.”

I took out from the artificial flowers made of a plastic-like material that we had obtained in the Dungeon of Colors from my Infinite Storage. They were pastel-colored artificial flowers about the size of my fist.

“My goodness! It looks like a real flower, but it’s a fake!?”

Both the manager and the designer stared at the flowers intently.

“Four hair ornaments, three that could be used by a noblewoman, and…”

“Elena’s~”

“One for her. I will be happy if you can make them as close to matching as possible.”

I was imagining something like an ornate hairpin that can be inserted into the hair, so I let them know that as well.

“One lady would be for Count Ruven’s wife, and another one for her son’s wife, right? Excuse me, but who is the last lady?”

“The second son, Grunwald-sama, is getting married, and I want to give this to his bride as a gift. The reason I asked for an express order is that the wedding is coming up, and I want to have it made in time.”

“Is that so?”

While the manager and I were talking, the designer took out a drawing book and asked, “Did you mean a double-stringed pin? Or a single stick?” While the manager and I were talking, the designer took out an art book and drew the picture of the flower I had brought out and drew a shaft under it.

The flower itself was rather gorgeous, so the hair ornament looked great with just that flower.

“How about a base like this, and then individual flowers around the base?”

“That looks good. Also, let’s see~ How about attaching a chain with a gem, so that it sways with the movement?”

“Ohh~ that’s very novel.”

“Huh? By ‘novel’ you mean that you don’t see hairpins like that often? Would it be against etiquette?”

“No, it’s nothing like that.”

“I see. I’m glad~”

I thought there would be rules like the hair ornament must be fixed to the head… but it seems to be okay.

“I would like to tell you that I have some pearls at hand… but they will get angry at me if I use pearls, so please use crystals instead. I also have some glass beads that could be used for child.”

“The pearls you have are very nice, Takumi-sama, but they would be too expensive to give as a gift.”

As for me, it would be better if they were used rather than just sleeping in the Infinite Storage, but Rebecca-san and the others can’t seem to see it that way. So these days, I’m thinking of giving up.

“… Would you like to buy the pearls?”

“You are selling? We would gladly buy them off of you!”

Not that I needed the money, but I wanted to increase the number of pearls on the market a little, so I approached the manager and he was unexpectedly pleased. In that case, I will sell a few smaller pearls, avoiding the larger ones and the colored ones.

“Elena, which color do you want for whom?”

“N, you see~…”

I decided to put off selling pearls until later and place our own orders first.

There were several colors of artificial flowers, so I asked Elena to choose.

“Obaasama is… yellow! Oneesama… pink!”

Rebecca-san, with her red hair and red eyes, got a yellow flower, and Almeria, with her dark brown hair and blue eyes, gets a pink flower.

“Wald-sama’s bride, if I remember correctly… is silver-haired with blue eyes~”

“Then, blue!”

“What about you?”

“Elena likes white!”

I think that’s a pretty good choice.

“I think it would be better to keep the crystals in similar colors.”

Yellow or orange crystal for Rebecca-san, red or crimson crystal for Almeria-san, and blue or purple crystal for the bride? Well, let’s leave the final decision to the designer.

“The glass bead for you will go with any color, so choose any color you like, Elena.”

“Erm~ erm~…”

“You are unusually distressed~ What colors are you struggling with?”

“I like red, but I also like yellow. Ah, pink, too!”

Elena took her time to think about it seriously.

It’s unusual for my children not to make a decision in an instant, but I guess that means Elena is a girl, even if she is still so little?

“Let’s see then~ could you make the chain detachable so that she could change the color of the beads as she feels like it?”

“Yes, I can! I see, if you can replace the chain, you can have a lot of enjoyment with just one body! That’s wonderful!”

“Ah, yes, if it’s possible, do it like that, please.”

My idea was highly approved.

I just thought that since Elena was so confused, she should just have all of them. However, I thought it would be better if she could just change the chain, since there was no point in having so many similar hairpins~

“Oniichan, thank you.”

“If Elena is happy, then Oniichan is happy, too.”

Elena, who was sitting next to me, pulled on my clothes and thanked me with a cute smile, so it was well worth the suggestion.

“Takumi-sama!”

“Ah, yes, it’s fine. It’s no problem to make and sell such products.”

“Thank you very much.”

“However, please take priority on our order first.”

“That is only natural.”

I knew what he meant by his expectant expression, so I answered ahead of time, and the manager smiled radiantly.

The designer seemed to have a lot of designs in mind, and after drawing several designs, he laid them out on the table.

“This would look good on Obaasama!”

“And this on Oneesama!”

“And this one for Elena?”

“Cute!”

Allen and Elena compared the design drawings with great excitement.

The one for the ladies was simple and elegant. The one that was supposed to be for Elena was made with lace ribbons to accentuate the cuteness.

“How is it?”

“Very good. I will order these.”

“Then, I will have them made in a hurry.”

We just needed to decide which one to get for whom, and the order was done. I also asked them to make replacement crystals for Rebecca-san and the others in different colors. In addition, I also asked for a matching necklace and earrings for Wald-sama’s wife. It was a congratulatory gift, so this much would be fine.

I left the crystals we decided on using at the store, and after selling the pearls, we left the jewelry store.




Chapter 344

Then we went to buy more flour, which we were running low on, and wandered around the city.

“Now then, what do we do next?”

“”Temple~?””

“Temple? Right~ Since we are going to stay in the Capital for a while, we might as well go say hi.”

“”Yeah, let’s go!””

With the suggestion of Allen and Elena, we came to the temple.

(Syl~)

(Takumi-san! You’ve come!)

When I called out to Syl, his happy voice immediately came back to me.

(The kids suggested me to come.)

(What good children they are!)

(Right! They are such good children!)

(You have become a splendid example of overly doting big brother, haven’t you~)

(Haha, that might be true. But, the two really are good children, you know?)

Allen and Elena are cute and smart. I don’t think I’m being bias, I think it’s an accurate assessment.

But well, even without that, I would still definitely be an overly doting big brother.

If I remember correctly, the myth is that Syl and the other four gods were created by the Creator God Marianora-sama.

(From a human point of view, yes. Marianora-sama is the parent, and we are her children, so Windell, Salamanteel, Nomoodle and I are siblings. But there’s no such thing as who’s the eldest or anything like that.)

I guess it’s okay to think of them as quadruplets.

(Then Allen and Elena are Syl’s niece and nephew.)

(Speaking of which, yes! … Haha! So then that means Takumi-san is my nephew, too!)

(No, how come?)

(My nephew and niece’s big brother is also my nephew, right?)

(No, you don’t have to force the relationship there, do you? I’m your retainer, Syl.)

(I would rather you be my nephew than my retainer!)

(… I see.)

I don’t know which is better, but as long as Syl is happy with it, why not?

(Well, you sounded jealous there, do you and your brothers not get along?)

(No, it’s not that we don’t get along, it’s just that there’s a lot of work and not much interaction.)

(Heh~ Is t hat so~)

(That’s right. But recently, thanks to you, we have been interacting more.)

(Huh?)

Thanks to me?… Ah!

(The food!)

(That’s right. There are more opportunities to have tea or a meal together.)

(Hahaha~ Erm, I’m happy for you… is alright to say, right?)

(Yes. Sometimes we have a fight over it, but it’s a fun time. Thank you, Takumi-san.)

All is good as long as he is happy to deepen his relationship with them, I guess?

No, but, fighting over food doesn’t sound too good, but… I guess it’s not that bad as long as they are enjoying themselves?

(Well, I’m glad to be able to create opportunities for you. Speaking of which, what’s your next request? I will ask you now, has it been decided?)

(If I say it’s been decided, then it’s been decided, but…)

I have told Syl that I will listen to his request for what he wants to eat at least once a month.

The last time he requested meat buns when I was in the Rubia. And after that, when I was in the country of Serdik, I sent him a pound cake, but that was not a specific request.

Since we were just having a conversation, I thought I would ask him directly rather than be informed later by a letter or something, but for some reason Syl was having a hard time speaking out.

(What is it? What’s up?)

(Umm… I believe you have not made it yet, so…)

(Something I haven’t made yet? What is it? Anyway, just tell me. If I think I can make it, I will make it. If not, I will have to say no.)

(Marianora-sama wants to eat something called “Ichigo Daifuku”. Takumi-san, do you know what that is?)

(… I see.)

Ichigo Daifuku. I have never made it before, that’s for sure.

The ingredients are… Ichi, red bean paste, and mochi. Ah, the mochi used in Daifuku is not just ordinary mochi, it adds sweetness, doesn’t it? However, I should have no problem with ingredients.

(I think I should be able to make it)

(Really!?)

(Yeah, as long as you don’t mind the shape being a little distorted.)

(That’s not an issue at all! If it’s okay, I would like to request that!)

(Alright. I will make it when I am free.)

(Thank you very much! I’m looking forward to it!)

I think the kids will like the Ichigo Daifuku as well, so I will make it as soon as I have time.

(Okay, I’d better get going.)

(Yes, it’s going to get colder, so please take care of yourself.)

(No, no, body is startlingly healthy, I don’t think I can catch a cold or anything!)

(Ah, not that you mention it, that’s right. But I just wanted to pay attention to my nephew’s health.)

(You are going back there, I see. Well, but I will take care.)

(Yes! Well, please come see me again.)

(Yeah, I got it.)

As I finished my conversation with Syl, the children who had been waiting for me on the chairs came running up to me happily, as if they had guessed that I was done.

“”Done~?””

“Yeah, I’m done. Have you gotten tired of waiting?”

“”Is fine!””

“I see. But, thank you for waiting.”

“”Yeah!””

As I thought, my kids are really good children.

“Where should we go next?”

“”Let’s go to the Guild!””

“By guild, you mean the Adventurer’s Guild? Well, I’m not sure if we will be able to meet them, but let’s go see Andy-san and Keimi-san?”

“”Yeah!””

We decided to go to the Adventurer’s Guild next.




Chapter 345

“Oi, you!”

It’s been almost half a year, right? We hadn’t been to the Adventurer’s Guild in the Capital in a while, so I asked to see Andy, the Guild Master, at the reception desk. However, it’s not always easy to get a meeting with the GM. Well, since I was A-ranker, I was able to confirm Andy-san’s whereabouts directly.

While the receptionist was going to check for me, we were killing time by looking at the request board when we were approached by a man we didn’t know.

“This is not a place to bring your kids to!”

“……”

The other party was a strong, well-built man, who glared at me with sharp eyes and yelled at me. Is this another… quarrel picker?

“Oi, isn’t that Setsuna!?”

“Ah, yeah! Who the hell is that guy, trying to pick a quarrel with Setsuna of all people!”

“This fella just arrived to the Capital recently. While Setsuna was away, that is.”

“Oi, someone should stop him.”

“No way. I’m not getting involved!”

“I don’t want to get caught up in this!” I heard the adventurers around me whispering.

It would be nice if you could stop him instead of just looking on from a distance… but they don’t seem to have that kind of concern.

“Hey! Are you listening to me!”

“Well, I think looking at the request board should be of no concern…”

“It’s dangerous!”

“… N?”

“There’s not a lot of alcohol in the house yet, but there’s some out there! This is not the kind of place you bring your kids to!”

Huh? I don’t think he’s picking a quarrel.

Come to think of it, Allen and Elena aren’t alarmed~ So he really approached us just because he was worried? Just being nice?

“Thank you for your concern. I’m an adventurer and so are the kids, and we know how to fight, so we are fine.”

“You’re an adventurer?”

”Yes, I am.”

”And the children, too?”

”Yes.”

”Can you fight?”

”Yes, I can fight. They can fight, too.”

”Well, that’s good.”

The kind man smiled in agreement, but the smile was scary because of his tough-looking face.

“Oi, Gizel! What are you doing!”

Then three new men arrived, and one of them slapped the kind man—Gizel-san, on the back of the head.

“The place got all noisy! What have you done this time?”

“W, well, but~ I thought it was dangerous because there were children in here~”

“It’s as if you didn’t know that children start to cry when you approach them! Do you want to be treated like a criminal again!?”

“I didn’t make them cry this time!”

Gizel-san… he likes children, even though his looks are so tough, huh~

I have never met someone whose looks don’t match their personality and actions so well.

“Hi, I’m sorry for our member’s nuisance.”

“Truly, sorry about this. He really likes children, even though he has this face. He meant no harm.”

“Pardon us. I hope you can forgive him.”

Three of Gizel-san’s supposed friends assumed that he was in the wrong and apologized at once.

“No, he was just worried about, he didn’t do anything wrong, so no need to apologize.”

“No, but the kids must have been scared, right?“

“They are fine.“

My children were not frightened at all.

“Eh!! Really!? They are fine even though they were approached by Gizel, who can make a child cry just with his presence, or be mistaken for a kidnapper when he calls out to a lost child?”

“……”

Whoah~ Gizel-san’s experiences are terrific!!

I also thought he was an aggressive fella at first, but crying and mistaking him for a kidnapper? Aren’t those some heartbreaking experiences!?

“Allen, Elena, the first person who approached us, Gizel-san, said he would give you guys a shoulder ride. Ask him to show you the request forms high on the board.”

“”Really? Yay!””

I took too much pity on Gizel-san, so I directed the children to get involved with him.

“Wha! Haah!?”

“”Give a ride~””

“O, ou… like this?”

“”Yeah!””

Gizel-san was surprised, but he followed the children’s instructions and picked them up and sat them on his shoulders. Instead of carrying them on his shoulders one by one, he put them both on his shoulders at the same time, one on each shoulder. It’s a way of carrying that Gizel-san can do because of his size.

“”Ohh~ so high~!””

“Are you okay? Not scared?”

“”Is fine!””

Allen and Elena seemed to be having a great time. Gizel-san was about two heads taller than me, so they must be looking at me from a height like never before.

It’s a good idea to take a look at the website and see if you can find anything you like.

Gizel-san was a little on edge, though, because he was worried about dropping them… if he were to drop them, they would land firmly on the ground, though.

“… They are not scared!?”

“… Far from that, they seem delighted!?”

“… Is this a dream? This must be a dream, right?”

Gizel-san’s friends were astonished, or rather stunned, to see the children so happy.

… I wonder how much the kids cried around him before.

“”Hey, hey.””

“O, ou, what is it?”

“There, over there!”

“Let’s go take a look!”

“O, ou.”

When Allen and Elena instructed Gizel-san to go in the direction of the request board, he began to move slowly and carefully. It was as if he was walking in slow motion.

“… That is a tough picture to sell.”

“… Yeah, that’s a crime.”

“… That fella Gizel won’t get arrested in the end, will he?”

Gizel-san’s friends were still stunned, but what they are muttering was a little worse than before.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“What is it?”

“We wanna.”

“Do this request!”

Allen and Elena call out to me, pointing to a certain request form.

“I did not plan on accepting any requests today, so we will have to do it next time.”

“”Ehh~ wanna do it today~””

“It won’t be possible to do it now. And so, what request is it?”

“”This one~””

I’m not going to accept the request today, but I will check the contents anyway.

“Eh, this one?”

“”Yeah, that one~””

What the children were pointing to, was a request form for defeating wyverns.

“Let’s get.”

“Dragon meat!”

“Ah~…”

… The children seemed to be watching vigilantly for dragon meat. I’m sure wyvern is one of the low-rank dragon monsters. Well, it’s also called Poison Dragon, though.

“Wai, wait a moment!? Wyvern subjugation, you must be joking, right!?”

“Not jokingmon!”

“Going to subjugatemon!”

The children were even more agitated by the worried Gizel-san.

“Y, you can’t go there! Rather, wyvern subjugation is ranked A, moreover, it’s recommended to be in a party! You can’t accept this request in the first place!”

“”Ehh~ is that so~?””

“That is so!—Rather, big bro, you stop them, too. Why am I the one trying to desperately stop them!”

As I was watching the course of events, Gizel-san got angry with me.

“Well~… I’m also not very good at stopping them.”

“You should be doing your best there! You are the one who has to teach them what’s wrong and what’s right!”

“If it’s something bad, I will stop them, of course, but if it’s something else the kids want to do, I will let them do it~”

“Nonono!! Wyverns are no good, right!?”

“Well, wyvern subjugation makes me a little hesitant~”

“A little? Just a little!?”

“A little” indeed. I would like to see a wyvern myself, you know?

“”Oniichan, can’t~?””

Well, I wonder what I should do in this case~




Chapter 346

“… In the first place, is wyvern meat even tasty?”

“”Is it not~?””

The wyvern is called Poison Dragon, but the poison is in the tail, so the meat can be eaten without any problem. I’m not sure if it’s tasty or not, though.

“It’s very delicious.”

The person who answered my question was Andy-san, who had approached us before I noticed.

“Andy-san, long time no see.”

“”Hello~””

“Long time no see, Takumi-san. Allen-kun, Elena-san too, hello. I’m glad to see you doing well.”

Maybe he heard from the receptionist that we were here and came all the way over here.

“Excuse us for coming over so suddenly, but is your work going to be okay?”

“I don’t have time to work when you are over, Takumi-san.”

“Nono, please let your work be the priority there.”

“As long as you take care of the wyvern request, everything will be fine!”

“I haven’t decided to accept the request yet! In the first place, my rank alone is not enough!”

“There won’t be a problem as long as I give you the permission!”

“That’s abusing your authority!”

Andy-san smileed as he tried to get me to accept the wyvern request.

“It’s a request that’s overdue, so it would be great if you could clean it up… Are you really not going to accept it?”

“”Is going~””

“Really? Thank you very much.“

“Hey, hey, don’t take requests without permission!—Andy-san, don’t just take the kids’ word for it!”

““”Ehh~”””

The children and Andy-san both raised their voices in frustration.

“Andy-san, please don’t react the same way as my children. You are not a child! Or rather, you will lose your dignity as the Guild Master.”

Gizel-san, who has been watching the whole exchange with the children in his arms since the appearance of Andy-san, the Guild Master, was quite flustered. Not only Gizel-san, but everyone within earshot of our exchange, was stunned.

“It’s exactly as Takumi-san said!”

“Uwah!? Ke, Keimi!?”

The Guild’s employee and Andy-san’s wife, Keimi, approached from behind and pulled on Andy-san’s ear.

“Ouch! It hurts, Keimi.”

“You’re making it hurt.”

“You are terrible.”

“You shouldn’t be skipping work.”

“I’m not skipping work! I’ve been asking Takumi-san to take on the wyvern request!”

“Oh my, really?”

“Yes, that’s it!”

Andy-san and Keimi-san seemed to be getting along well as usual.

“Long time no see, Keimi-san.”

“Takumi-san, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, long time no see~ were you doing well,”

“”Yeah, doing well.””

The children continued to greet others from Gizel-san’s shoulders. They don’t seem to want to get off.

“Takumi-san, are you going to help us resolve the wyvern request?”

“I have no plans of going at the moment.”

“”Ehh~””

“It appears that the children want to go, though?”

“We have got more important things to do. We cannot accept requests for a while.”

“”Muu~~~””

I’m not sure how many days it will take, but I don’t want to do anything that might cause injury for now.

I’ll only accept requests in the vicinity, even if we have enough time until Wald-sama’s wedding! It doesn’t matter how much the kids ask me to go.

“… I guess being persistent won’t help.”

“Yes, not this time.”

“How unfortunate. I will be relying on you once you finish your business then.”

“”Alright!””

“……”

… I wonder what will happen if they extort me after the wedding is over!

Honestly, I’m curious about the meat of the wyvern, and do I feel like I might get the request. Well, if the request remains up until that time.

“Nevertheless, I didn’t know you were acquaintances with the ‘Red’ party, Takumi-san.”

“Red party? If you are talking about Gizel-san and the rest, then this was our first time meeting today.”

“Oh my, is that so? The kids seem too attached for that, no?”

“It’s because Gizel-san’s character is so good.”

My children, who are no longer shy of strangers, are very sociable, so as long as the other person’s character is good, they get along easily. In return, they will not take kindly to anyone who has ulterior motives.

“”Ojichan is a good person~””

“Allen, Elena, let’s call him by his name, okay?”

“”Gizel-san?””

“Yep, that’s right.”

Allen and Elena called Gizel-san “Ojichan”.

This is because adventurers in their mid-thirties or older in the Rubia have all had the children call them “Ojichans”.

Gizel-san is in his thirties… early thirties? Middle thirties? It’s not polite to call him Ojichan without his permission, so I warned the kids, but—

“… I’m fine with Ojichan.”

“”Yeah, Ojichan!””

“… Are you sure.”

“I am.”

Gizel-san himself gave them permission. So he’s fine with “Ojichan”, huh~

If you’re in your mid-thirties, you are probably still young enough to claim the “Oniisan” title, I thought, but… I guess not.

“My, oh my, they are totally attached. Which reminds me, did you ever go to Serdik, Takumi-san?”

“Yes, we were there until recently, but… how do you know, Keimi-san?”

“I keep in touch with fellow guildies.”

It was only recently, so how could she already know about it! It’s terrifying how information circulates in this world!

“And so, do you know that the kids got their nicknames?”

“Haah!?”

Suddenly, Keimi-san dropped a bomb on us.

“They seem to have decided on ‘Ao no Tsougeki’.” ***

“Ehh~!? Wait a moment! Please wait. Eh, my kids have really gotten a nickname for themselves!?”

“Yes, it’s the truth.”

*** Blue Twin Strike

After Keimi-san, Andy-san told us the children’s nicknames.

The two have gotten a nickname out of nowhere! Ao no Tsougeki!?

What’s more, this sounds somewhat familiar. It might have originated from the adventurers we met in Serdik, the “Dawn Star” party!?

“”Ohh~”

“Allen’s.”

“And Elena’s.”

“”Nickname!””

“Yes, that’s right. Ao no Tsougeki.”

“”Ao no Tsougeki! So cool!””

“Fufu, aren’t you glad~”

“”Yeah!””

Allen and Elena seemed to like their nickname.

“Those pipsqueaks got nicknames!”

“They are Setsuna’s siblings, aren’t they?”

“According to the Ash Wolf, those kids are quite capable.”

“Seriously!? Should I say, as expected of A-ranker’s siblings?”

I could hear the adventurers around us whispering to each other.

I guess that’s how information and stuff spreads~ I mean, I’m pretty sure Keimi-san made sure that there were people around before she brought up this topic, right?

“Come to think of it, I also heard that the ‘Ao no Tsougeki’ cornered ‘Reijin’s’ in an argument… is that the truth?”

“You even heard about their exchange with Brian-san!?”

“Oh my, based on your reaction, it appears to be the truth~”

This world’s ability to communicate really scares me!




Chapter 347

“Hah… I have been trying to keep the kids as low profile as possible. Since they got a nickname, there’s no point in holding back their ranks, is there~?”

“Allen-kun and Elena-san would stand out no matter how hard you tried to conceal them, no?”

“……”

That’s true, isn’t it~ Allen and Elena easily attract attention even if quiet. They easily attract the eyes, don’t they? Why is it? Is it in their blood? Because of their divine lineage?

“The children are still D-rankers, right?”

“Yes, that’s correct.”

“Well then, let’s raise them to C-rank right away!”

“Nono, what are you saying!”

“Since things have come to this, we should do the opposite and move up their ranks to obtain a firm position that won’t be meddled with!”

“……”

Andy-san has a point. Now that the children have a nickname, it is inevitable that they will stand out. Then, is it no longer necessary to avoid the… rank advancement that we used to avoid just because kids with a high rank were conspicuous?

Hmm… should I be proactive in getting them to move up the ranks then? The more people know they are strong, the less likely they are to mess with them… Somewhat.

“If it’s a C-rank, I can raise it immediately based on their past performance.”

“N~… what should we do~”

There are those who would pick a quarrel simply because they are children, regardless of their rank. In fact, even I, an A-ranker, sometimes get tangled up with them. So, if I don’t count such people, I wonder if I can reduce the number of times it happens…?

“You are troubled.”

“… Indeed.”

“Raise!”

“Rank!”

As I was struggling, Allen and Elena raised their hands and raised their voices.

“That’s dangerous, so keep your hands down! Or rather, you should get off of Gizel-san already.”

It is indeed a bad idea to let them sit on Gizel-san’s shoulders all the time, so I told the children to get off.

“I’m sorry you had to go along with them for so long, Gizel-san. Thank you very much.”

“”Ojichan, thank you.””

“N, nah, I’ll do it anytime.”

“”Really!?”

“Yeah.”

“”Yay!””

Gizel-san, who acted as the children’s chair while I was talking with Andy-san and the others, almost without interrupting, wasn’t disgruntled and said he will play with them again.

Every time we meet him at the Adventurer’s Guild, they will have a shoulder to lean on? Or rather, become their chair… should I stop him? But I guess Gizel-san enjoys playing with the kids, so I wonder if I can ask him to accompany them more?

“Gizel-san, please tell them clearly when they are too unreasonable.”

“It’ll be fine.”

Well, since we rarely come to the Adventurers’ Guild in the first place, it would be better to have Gizel-san say no properly when it is inconvenient rather than me trying to stop the kids.

“And so, you guys want your ranks raised, after all?”

“”Wanna!””

I asked Allen and Elena again about their ranks. They replied without hesitation.

Well, Allen and Elena would want to raise their ranks, wouldn’t they?

“Then… let’s raise it?”

“”Yay~!””

When I gave my permission, the children expressed their joy with their whole bodies.

“If the kids get raised to C-rank, then Takumi-san’s party will be B-ranked! You will be able to accept A-ranked requests with no problem! Isn’t that a good thing!””

Andy-san was overjoyed, too.

“Andy-san, so that was your true intention! No, wait a moment, please. Even if the kids are C-rankers, the party will stay B-ranked, no!?”

“No, they are competent enough, so it is possible for them to be B-ranked by the authority of the Guild Master.”

“I told you! Don’t make use of your authority so thoughtlessly like that!”

It seems that the reason Andy-san was enthusiastically promoting rank advancement to the kids was to raise our party rank.

“No, it is the Guild Master’s responsibility to properly assess competence, not to mention recruiting talent! I do not use it lightly.”

I glanced over at Keimi-san, but she didn’t seem to have any intention of stopping him.

It seemed that Keimi-san was in favor of moving us up in rank.

“Wait a minute! I was just thinking since earlier… is it true that those kids are D-rankers about to be promoted to C-rank?”

“It is the truth.”

One adventurer, who was around and must have heard what we were talking about, asked a question. Well, it’s a natural question.

And Andy-san responded to the question with a quick reply.

“Kids like this are C-rankers? That’s absolutely not possible!”

“You say that, but Takumi-san and his party of children have completed the required number of requests~”

“That’s their brother’s achievement, isn’t it! It’s parasitism!”

“No matter who’s the main achiever, the party’s accomplishments belong to all the party members, right? Even if it’s not those kids, it’s normal for there to be more or less differences in contributions within the party. Well, that becomes a problem when they get threatened… or paid off… but that doesn’t apply to them. After all, they are siblings.”

Not all of the numerous adventurer parties are made up of only people of similar ability. When this is the case, it is only natural that the degree of efforts of each party member will vary within a party. Inevitably, the stronger party members protect the weaker party members. I don’t think we can call it all parasitism.

“”Parasiwhat? What is that?””

“Parasitism, it means to reap the benefits by relying on the strong without doing anything yourself.”

Allen and Elena tilted their heads curiously, not understanding the word “Parasitism,” but raised their eyebrows in disgust when Keimi-san explained it to them.

“Then, Allen is not~”

“Elena is not either~”

“Allen can fightmon!”

“Elena, too! We can also find herbsmon!”

“Fufu, that’s right. You two are doing your jobs well.”

“”Yeah!””

Well, in the case of our party, I think… the kids are more active than me!

Keimi-san looked at the protesting children with a smile. Ah, well, Gizel-san, too.

“Certainly, if there was a newcomer who looked promising, I’ll bring them into the party to nurture them~”

“Yeah, that’s true. But I could only raise an F-ranker to an E-rank in this amount of time, maybe just barely to a D-rank!”

“Same here!”

The other adventurers around us showed their agreement with what Andy-san was saying.

However, only the adventurer who had complained was staring at us with a bitter look on his face.

Judging by his age, is he an adventurer who can hardly move up from D-rank to C-rank? As I recall, up to the… D-rank, you can move up in rank by doing common requests, but from the C-rank and up, there should have been some kind of exam or something.

“Andy-san, what is the exam to move up to C-rank?”

“The first step is a written test. After passing the written test, we will take the adventurer, together with the Guild’s official, to defeat the designated monsters and gather medicinal herbs.”

“Heeh~”

“Heeh~… you say, Takumi-san, you have done… you did not, did you?”

“Yes.”

In my case, I blew the place up and moved up to the A-rank~

“By the way, what is the content of the written exam?”

“The C-rank is about the knowledge required to be an adventurer. The B-rank exam includes more detailed knowledge, as well as questions on etiquette.“

“Is etiquette an issue, too?“

“When you reach the B-rank, you will receive requests for appointments from the nobility, you see.”

“Oh, I see.“

I will have to see the actual questions, but I think I can pass the exam. I think.

I’m a little worried about my own etiquette, but the kids are being educated by Rebecca-san, so I have no doubt they would pass.

“So that fella didn’t even take the exam! Isn’t he but a fake, then!”

“He has been recommended by a Knight and an A-rank adventurer to move up in rank. If you also have a recommendation, I will quickly process your rank advancement.”

Andy-san dismissed them.

But for me, I thought it would have been better to take the written exam just in case, even if the practical exam was waived.




Chapter 348

“”Ah!””

Surprised by the unexpected harshness of the seemingly calm Andy-san, the children suddenly raised their voices, pointing their fingers. When I looked in the direction they were pointing, I saw that Wald-sama was just entering the building.

“Wald-sama?”

I had not yet met Wald-sama since we returned to the Capital, so this was the first time we had met in a long time… Why did he come to the Adventurers’ Guild?

“Yo! How are you doing, Takumi?”

“I’m doing fine, thank you. I’m fine, but… what is the matter? Do you have business with the Guild?”

The Adventurers’ Guild was abuzz with the arrival of Wald-sama

I think the reason why there was a buzz was because Wald-sama was wearing the uniform of the royal knights.

When Wald-sama walked up to me, the people around us had left Andy-san and Keimi-san behind and moved slightly away.

“If you have to ask me, then it’s to find you.”

“Eh, me? Is it something urgent?”

“No, I’m just making a delivery.”

“A delivery?”

“Yep, delivering a letter to you.”

It appears that Wald-sama went out of his way to deliver me a letter.

“Why are you the one bringing it? From whom is it anyway?”

“Can’t you just imagine from looking at me?”

“……… I can.”

Wald-sama was dressed in the royal knights uniform. A Royal Knight is a knight who guards royalty, right?

This means that the letter is from a member of the royal family.

“By the way, which one is it from?”

“Everyone.”

“Whoah.”

No way, it was all of them. Tristan-sama the King, Grace-sama the Queen, the three princes Austin-sama, Felix-sama, Alfried-sama, Aurora-sama the Crown Princess, and Julius-sama the royal grandson. Well, Julius-sama is so small that he wouldn’t have been included in the number of people, though.

“Wald-sama, do you know the contents of the letter?”

“How would I know?”

“I thought so… huh, why are you taking off your mantle and coat, Wald-sama?”

Wald-sama put his mantle and coat away in his magic bag, then pulled out another coat and put it on.

“Don’t I stand out looking like that?”

“Yeah, that you do. Then why didn’t you just take off your uniform from the beginning?”

“I can’t take off my uniform when at work! By the way, my work ended the moment I handed you the letter.”

Right, as soon as he handed me the letter, his work was done, so he took off his mantle and coat.

“And so, what are you guys doing here?”

“”You see, you see!””

“Our rank!”

“Is getting raised!”

“Rank? Oh, you’re talking about the adventurer rank. Your guys’ is?”

“”Yeah!””

“Allen will be!”

“Elena will be!”

“”C-rank now!””

“Oh, what, you are going to be C-rankers? Oh, I see. Were you in the part of the play where someone said that it was weird to raise kids to C-rank?”

“”Ohh, correct!””

It seems that Wald-sama understood our situation quickly after a short conversation with the children.

“You have figured it out quickly.”

“I get it. But, well, it can’t be helped. These little fellas look simply like frail kids by their looks~”

“”Ehh~””

“Allen is not fra~il.”

“Elena is not frail either>mon.”

“Others wouldn’t know unless they see you fighting, ya know?”

“”Muu~””

Allen and Elena puffed up their cheeks, as if they didn’t want to be thought of as frail children.

“Don’t be sullen now. You are becoming increasingly like kids.”

“”We are kidsmon!””

“… Ah, yeah, that’s right, isn’t it?”

“”That’s right!””

Keimi-san and Andy-san who were watching the exchange between Wald-sama and the kids, smiled.

“My, oh my, how cute~”

“Yeah, truly.”

Wald-sama was stunned for a moment, but then laughed, amused.

“Haha. I’ve seen children who insist that they are not children, but I’ve never seen one who insists that they are children. Anyway, there it is. I know how strong you guys are. Or rather, our entire family knows. That’s enough. Just ignore the fussy ones.”

“”Ohh, that works!””

“In the first place, there is no way that the Adventurer’s Guild side would ever suggest raising the ranks of the weak ones, so they just need to realize it. Come on, let’s get the paperwork done and get out of here.”

“”Okay~””

The overbearing Wald-sama convinced the children while completely ignoring everyone else around him, and he even put the people around him in check.

“Go on, Takumi, procedures, procedures.”

“Ah, yes!—Andy-san, let’s get it done, please.”

“Understood. As expected of Ruven-dono. You are a master at what you do.”

The adventurers who had complained were quickly dispersing.

“Yes, and that’s all done.”

“”Yay~!””

Thus, Allen and Elena’s rank was upgraded to C.

As expected, the party rank was kept at the status quo, no matter what Andy-san said.

“Next is the B rank. At that time, you should indeed take the exam. While completing requests, please prepare for the written exam and learn etiquette.”

“”Got it~””

“Guild Master, I think they will be fine in that respect. They have thick encyclopedias that I would fall asleep reading, and they seem to have been taught a lot about etiquette by our mother.”

“Oh, well, that’s good to hear. If that’s the case, please take on as many requests as you can so that you can move up the ranks in the shortest amount of time.”

“”Yeah!””

He said it’s for the kids to improve their ranks, but I have a feeling that Andy-san simply wants us to complete numerous requests… I’m not going to step into that.

“”See you.””

“Yes. When you have more time, I hope you will take care of the Wyvern request for me.”

“”Alright!””

After the procedure was over, we handed over the souvenir Leychii fruits and were about to leave the Guild with Wald-sama when Andy-san immediately brought up the subject of wyverns.

“What? Wyverns?”

“”Next time we accept~””

“Wyvern.”

“Subjugation!”

“Hah!? Takumi!?”

Wald-sama, startled by the children’s words, looked at me in a panic.

“I have no plans on accepting that request! The kids are only saying that they want to.”

“Really!?”

“”We are goingmon.””

“Takumi!”

“Well, Allen, Elena, Wald-sama, we are leaving.”

On the way home to the Ruven residence, the children and Wald-sama repeatedly exchanged “I’m going” and “You can’t” in offense and defense.

Oh, after returning home to the Ruven residence, I checked the letter that Wald-sama delivered to me… The content was a call for me to quickly come to the castle if I had come to the Capital… Well, to be precise, it was written in a more polite and yet indirect manner.




Chapter 349

When I sent a letter to the castle asking when I could visit, a reply immediately arrived, asking us to come the next day at noon.

The next day, I arrived at the castle with the children, and was shown not to an audience hall or a reception room, but to a lounge used privately by the royal family.

“Allen-kun, Elena-chan, come this way please.”

“”Okay~””

“You two seem to be doing well. You did not get injured anywhere, did you?”

“”All good!””

As soon as they entered the room, Allen and Elena were called by Grace-sama and taken to a corner where Aurora-sama and Julius-sama were together.

“This way, Takumi.”

“……”

I was then summoned to a space where Tristan-sama, Austin-sama, Felix-sama, Alfried-sama Lionel-sama, and the Prime Minister, the Duke Ford, and one other man were present.

“Long time no see, Takumi.”

“Yes, it has been a while. Still… what a gathering this is.”

“I believe it would be for the best to share information with everyone here. Now, sit over there.”

I sat down at the seat that was pointed out to me, but the distinguished faces around me made me uncomfortable.

“Takumi, thank you for the help with the Cretian affairs.”

“You seem to be doing well, Takumi-dono.”

“Takumi, welcome back~”

The siblings, Austin-sama, Felix-sama and Al-sama seemed to be doing well, too.

“Takumi, I have good news regarding the alcohol~”

“Takumi-dono, the magic paper as well.”

It seems that Lionel-sama and the Prime Minister had reports on alcohol and magic paper, respectively. Does “good news” report mean that they were successfully manufactured?

“This is our first time meeting. My name is Richard Ford. Best regards, Takumi-dono.”

“… Ford-sama?”

“That’s right. Please call me Richard.”

As I looked at the faces of the members in turn, my eyes met those of the man I had never met before. He then immediately gave me his name, which was the same family name as that of the Prime Minister… Is he the son of the Prime Minister? I wondered.

I involuntarily compared the Prime Minister to Richard-sama.

The Prime Minister’s hair was blonde with a hint of gray, while Richard’s hair was light blonde. Their faces were not too similar… I feel?

“You won’t find us alike even if you compare us like that.”

“That’s right. I wouldn’t say that there is no blood relation at all in the family, but Richard is my son-in-law.”

“Eh, son-in-law?”

“We only have a daughter, you see.”

It seems that the Prime Minister and Richard-sama were in-laws.

Perhaps because I was tilting my head, he took the trouble to explain.

“By the way, he’s also my little brother.”

“Hah!? Tristan-sama’s little brother!?”

Tristan-sama added to the information that was just given me, and I could not help but be surprised.

If he is Tristan-sama’s brother, does that mean that Richard-sama is his royal brother? No, he’s his “former” royal brother, since he got married.

“Oh, you managed to surprise Takumi~”

“Truly. I’m glad to hear that, because we are usually the ones who get surprised.”

Tristan-sama and Austin-sama were delighted by my surprised face.

“I would have never thought that~ but now that you said that, you do look alike. I never thought to ask about Tristan-sama’s siblings, so I did not realize! By the way, do you have any other siblings?”

“I do have a little sister, but she married off to Gretia.”

“Ah, so you do.”

Hah~ that’s right~ it wouldn’t be strange for Tristan-sama to have siblings, yet I never thought about it!

“”Oniichan, souvenirs~””

“Yesyes. Here you go.”

“”Yay~ will hand over~””

While I was disappointed in myself, Allen and Elena came over to me.

Apparently, they wanted to give the souvenirs to Grace-sama and her family. So I gave them the Leychii fruits and dyes that I had prepared in a basket in advance.

“What, souvenirs? You didn’t have to—”

“Oh my goodness!?”

Tristan-sama’s words are interrupted by Grace-samas surprised voice from the other side.

I glanced at Grace-sama and saw Allen and Elena trying their best to explain the situation, so I guess I can leave the rest to them.

“… Takumi, what the hell did you bring us?”

Al-sama looked at me with a disturbed look on his face. No, everyone here, except Richard-sama, was staring at me.

I explained my side of the story.

“It’s just fruits and dyes.”

“How could our Mother be so ssurprised with just some fruits and dyes?”

“The fruits is just Leychii fruit. As for the dyes, well… there’s many.”

I also added the polka-dot dye, which must have been what surprised Grace-sama.

“Richard-sama, could you tell me the color of your wife’s hair and eyes?”

“I don’t mind. My wife has a light brown hair, and light green eyes.”

“Brown and green, I see… then, Richard-sama, here’s a token of getting to know each other.”

Since our souvenirs were for the “royal family”, I took out a new dye from my Infinite Storage to give to Richard-sama as well, something that would go well with the brown hair and green eyes of his wife, with polka dots of course. It would be faster to show them than to explain, after all!

(Hah!?)

Then, everyone was surprised to see the polka-dot dye, and their gazes were glued to the dye.

“I got these dyes in Serdik’s Dungeon of Colors. Please use it.”

“Nono, Takumi, this is not something you can just take out of your pocket, right!?”

Al-sama was quick to interject, as if he had developed resistance to the things we do after exploring a dungeon with us.

“It seems a bit unusual~”

“You can’t just say it’s a bit unusual! This is my first time seeing something like this!”

“Well, there don’t seem to be many of them around.”

“Takumi, it’s not just ‘many’ but ‘none at all’, no?”

“Well, I wonder about that? I’m not quite sure as I haven’t checked the whole market, but I don’t think they are the first of their kind.”

Felix-sama and Austin-sama joined the interjection.

The tailor, who handles our outfits—Marie-san, said she had never seen them before, but now that I have released them, they are not “completely” elusive. But that’s just the beginning.

“… Ah, I concede. I had heard the story from my brother and father-in-law, but I thought it was somewhat exaggerated. However, I now see it was all true.”

“Richard, I told you that Takumi is an outrageous fellow.”

“Uncle, even if you say that Takumi defies common sense, it won’t be an exaggeration.”

“That appears to be the case. I can understand that after conversing with him for a little.”

I have a feeling that Tristan-sama and the others were blowing things out of proportion for Richard-sama.

“Saying that I defy common sense is rude~ The Dungeon of Colors is an advanced dungeon, and we got these kinds of dyes on its upper levels. It’s normal, simply normal.”

(No, you are definitely lying.)

This time, they all interjected at once. How cruel~

“It can’t be helped. Since you all like saying how I defy common sense so much, I will have to oblige and keep doing my best from now on.”

(Eh!?)

I said half-jokingly, and everyone froze with stunned expressions on their faces.

Was I able to return the favor?




Chapter 350

“To live up to your expectations, let me offer you this.”

(!)

For starters, I took out the Crystal Elk antlers from the Infinite Storage and piled it up on the table. I’m guessing that the main topic of today’s summons should be about this material, so I quickly broached the subject.

For the time being, just an armful of it. However! That’s not all, because there’s more.

But just the amount of antlers I put out on the table had everyone speechless.

“Wait, wait, wait up! Takumi, I didn’t hear there would be so many!”

As expected, it was Al-sama who showed a reaction first.

“Eh? Then, what amount did you have in mind?”

“Well, of course, about one or two pairs at most!”

“Heeh~”

They thought it was one or two pairs, huh~ Then does that mean what I took out was a dozen times the amount they thought it was?

“Oh, I will say it just for the record, but I did not kill or hurt the Crystal Elks.”

It is a crime to kill or even injure Crystal Elks, so I told them just in case. With so many antlers in my possession, there is a chance they would suspect me.

“I don’t doubt that!”

“Indeed. I believe that.”

They don’t seem to be suspicious of me… on the contrary, they believed me so easily?

Should I be happy about their trust here?

“However, what did you mean by ‘were given’ you wrote in the letter!”

“We met a Crystal Elk in the mountains. Or rather, Allen and Elena found it. Then, it took us to the Crystal Elks’ dwelling place and gave us all the antlers they shed in there.”

“I can’t possibly understand!”

They asked me to explain how I got the antlers, so I gave them a brief explanation.

However, Tristan-sama did not believe me. No, everyone didn’t.

“Even if you say that, it’s exactly what happened, so please take it as it is.”

“Impossible.—Hahh… acquisition method is obscure, huh.”

Tristan-sama let out a big sigh.

“So, what do you want us to do with this? Do you want us to buy up everything?”

“I think it would be better for them to be distributed to the various countries, but I can’t do it myself. So, I will give them to you. I will leave them to you to handle, Tristan-sama, so you can distribute them or keep them exclusively in Guardia… Oh, you can also use them as a bargaining chip with other countries. Well, do as you please.”

If it had been one or two pairs, I would have sold them to Tristan-sama and that would have been the end of it, but the quantity in my possession makes that impossible. I don’t know the exact value of the Crystal Elk antlers, but it would be quite a bit of money.

That doesn’t mean I can sell them to the Guild or something, though. It would be too conspicuous. I would have no choice but to keep secret about them.

But I don’t want to keep it secret if possible, because I want to make sure the material go to people who need the medicine. My honest feeling is that I want to get as much of them as possible on the market.

We’re not hurting for money, so let’s force them onto Tristan-sama! That’s the plan.

“You are so selfless~”

Lionel-sama laughed funnily.

“Selfless? That’s definitely wrong. I’m greedy, Lionel-sama. After all, I’m throwing this stuff onto someone else to deal with so I don’t have to bother.”

“Takumi, if you really are greedy, you should charge a fee.”

“Eh, I mean, I don’t need the money, though?”

“You don’t need money, you say! You really are an amusing fella.”

Lionel-sama laughed again.

“Ah, would you like to use the profit to pay for the research on the new liquors, Lionel-sama?”

“The Nippy Liquor and brandy have been replicated so well that there is no need to pay for the research anymore. They will be available for sale soon.”

“Ohh, I’m glad to hear that.”

“You will also receive dividends from the sales. Visit the Merchant’s Guild often.”

“Eh?”

“You taught us how to make it, and you invested in it, so it’s only natural.”

That’s going to be more regular income.

Oh, speaking of which, I haven’t been to the Merchant’s Guild for a while. I should go check on the payments for the curry powder and such! Oh, the money from the sale of the loot we got from the pirate ship we entrusted to the Serdik might have already been deposited, too. Ah, is that going to be at the Adventurer’s Guild?

“Takumi-dono.”

“Ah, yes!”

Next was the Prime Minister.

“About the magic paper, it is far from perfect, so it cannot be sold yet, but we made remarkable progress. That being the case, I have transferred the remuneration to the Merchant’s Guild, so please check with them.”

“I understand the alcohol, since I invested some money in it, but I did not invest in the magic paper, right?”

“You have given me an excellent idea to use the Gaya trees.”

“Eh!? Just because of that!?”

“Just because of that. It’s a fair reward, and I won’t accept any refusal.”

This one seems to have already transferred the money. The Prime Minister works fast!

“But you are still working on the magic paper, aren’t you? Then let’s use the remuneration to pay for the research! Oh, and let’s use my remuneration for the Crystal Elk antlers for the research as well! By all means, please complete the magic paper and set your sights on mass production!”

I still have the magic paper that Syl gave me, but I would be more than happy to complete the magic paper for my children’s growth records. So it would be a good idea to invest in it as a research expense.

“……”

“Prime Minister?”

However, my proposal received only a mute response from the Prime Minister.

“… Takumi, you~ If you were to put a price on the Crystal Elk antlers, how much do you think it would be worth? I don’t know the exact sum either, but it must be a pretty big sum of money. Don’t try to offer that like it’s nothing.”

Then, Al-sama spoke to me with a tired voice.

“Eh, but, isn’t it still better than saving it up? And it’s nice to have a steady supply of magic paper!”

“I think you should get a little more attached to your money, Takumi. I hear adventurers don’t have a steady income and have to save for retirement. See, why not save for a comfortable retirement?”

“That won’t be a problem. I saved plenty from completing requests. You see, my children often find rare things. You know, like the Crystal Elk antlers.”

“… Ah, yeah, that’s right.”

When I implied that I had found something rare besides the Crystal Elk antlers, Al-sama glanced at the children who were with Grace-sama and the rest and nodded in understanding.

“Come to think of it, you got your hands on the Majesta fruits and leaves and stuff like that. If you had gotten many things as rare as those, you would have indeed earned quite a bit of money by now~”

Felix-sama nodded in consent.

“Takumi, if you don’t want money, is there anything else you want?”

“Something else I want?”

“Yes. For example, let’s see~ a house. There are also many weapons or magic tools you may want. I don’t know if it’s worth mentioning, but jewelry or stuff like that.”

“N~ I can’t think of anything in particular. But if I had to choose something, I’d say that magic tools might be useful on our travels.”

“Is that so? Let’s look for something Takumi might want.”

Austin-sama was looking for something that could be given to me as a reward instead of money.




Chapter 351

“A magic tool that would be useful on your travels, huh~ A magic bag or something like that comes to mind.”

“Brother Felix, Takumi has Infinite Storage, so I don’t think he has a need for a magic bag?”

“Ah, now that you mention it. Then, what else is there~”

Felix-sama and Al-sama started going over the magic tools I might want.

“Ah, that reminded me. I would like a magic ring, rather than a magic bag.”

“A magic ring?”

“Yes, I’m looking for them as I want my contracted beasts to carry them~”

“Are you going to let your contracted beast carry such expensive magic tool?”

“It would be difficult to equip them with a magic bag, after all.”

“That is your reason?”

“Yes.”

To be frank, it’s that of a simple reason.

If I equipped them with magic bags, I could, but it would be obstruction to their movements~

“Father, do we have those in the treasury?”

“I wonder? I don’t think so. What do you say, Conrad?”

“Yes, we have several magic bags, but there aren’t any magic rings. Let’s see if we can find any in the country.”

“I will leave it to you.”

“Wah~ really? Thank you.”

Well, even if they find a magic ring, we will continue our search for magic rings in the advanced dungeons ourselves. We could make a use of more than one, after all.

And most importantly, the kids are looking forward to going to the dungeon. If I canceled the trip, they would definitely complain about it.

“Ah, that reminds me, it wasn’t supposed to be a part of the remuneration, but there was a request to leave a wyvern’s child in Takumi’s care, right? That request has been officially approved.”

“Eh, were they born?”

“No, not yet. However, with Charo in the lead, the wyverns are enthusiastically trying their best. It appears that the child who gets born the earliest will be given to your care.”

“Nonono! Eh, seriously?”

Huh, so it has been already decided!?

“Thanks to you, there are going to be more wyverns in the castle.”

“Eh? What do you mean?”

“Wyverns that are kept in captivity don’t give birth to many offsprings. That’s why it’s hard to increase their numbers. But now they are very active. Even if we entrust one of them to you, there are signs that there will be more than usual, so our problems will be solved at once.”

“Hahaha~”

Al-sama explained the situation to me in a very detailed manner. Apparently, the wyverns are having a baby boom.

“Huh? But, there is a possibility that all the female wyverns will become inactive at once, right? Are you alright with that?”

“Well, there’s no pressing matter, so it should be fine.”

If there was a need to act on wyverns, it would be a problem, but it should be fine since there’s no pressing matter, right? However—

“Are you not leaving for another country with the instant soup matter?”

“Oh, I haven’t had a chance to report about that yet. We have already finished talks with most of the countries, except Argo and Crete. Our country has also decided to sell them starting next month.”

“Ah, I see.”

Tristan-sama explained when I ask about the instant soup.

Apparently, the sale of instant soup had already been concretely decided. That’s good news.

I will report it to Brian-san, the adventurer I met in Serdik, when I send him a letter.

“The instant soup will be sold under the direct management of the government, so you will receive the money in the name of the government. That’s great, Takumi. You will be getting payments from all the countries!”

“Eh!?”

Whoah~ I never thought that far.

It won’t be sold in all countries yet, but it’s not that far off. The details on the bank statements… is going to be hard to check!

“You are already known to many of the central authorities in many countries, after all.”

“Eh?”

“When we hand over the Crystal Elk antlers, let’s clearly explain that they were provided by Takumi as well.”

“Wait a mome—”

“It will be alright. I will make sure to let them know how out of the ordinary Takumi is, so they won’t suspect him of hurting the Crystal Elks.”

Tristan-sama didn’t listen to my opinion at all.

“Tristan-sama! I beg you, don’t mention my name!”

“No way. It would be kinder to my spirit if the reward for the Crystal Elk antlers were left to the nations.”

“I don’t need any reward!”

“I will convey your opinion. We will then let each country make its own decision. You will get a magic ring or magic tools from our country. If there is nothing good, we will transfer the money.”

“Ehh~”

Tristan-sama was giving off an air of: “I have already made up my mind.”

“Takumi, give up. There’s nothing wrong with having more money in the bank.”

When I was downcast, was Al-sama consoled me? No, he encouraged me?

“Look, why don’t you buy something you have always wanted?”

“Something I always wanted? N~?”

“Nothing? There must be something, right?”

“Ah!”

“You have got an idea? What is it?”

“Is there a store that sells dragon meat or anything like that?”

“Oi!?”

I mean, the only thing I could think of that I wanted is dragon meat. The kids were ready to hunt, but I thought that if we could buy it, it would curb their cravings a bit.

“I have a feeling that some dragon meat would deter my kids from trying to go wild wyvern hunting.”

“W, wild wyvern?”

“They found a request at the Adventurers’ Guild and they want to go. They want to give the Ruven family some dragon meat as a present.”

“… Come again?”

Al-sama was absolutely stunned when he heard the reason for the desire for dragon meat.

No, everyone who was listening was stunned.

“They heard it’s delicious, so they want everyone to try it.”

(Hah~)

They all let out heavy sighs.

“… Takumi, dragon meat doesn’t come up for sale in stores that often.”

“Is that so?”

“Yeah, even if they were, who could afford to buy it?”

“Ah, that’s true.”

When it comes to dragon meat, it’s the kind of food that’s even more luxurious than a luxury item.

Is there any store that carries items that even the nobility, let alone commoners, can’t easily afford?

“Then, the only way to obtain it is to defeat it myself, after all?”

“What do you want to do?”

“Nono, I’m just confirming things.”

It is just a confirmation that if we want to eat dragon meat, we have to obtain it ourselves.




Chapter 352

“Takumi, is it true that a request to take down a wild wyvern has been put up at the Adventurers’ Guild?”

“Uh, yes, it’s true.”

“That’s weird. No such report has come up to the Knights Order.”

Felix-sama raised his eyebrows as he tilted his head.

“Takumi, have you heard the details of the request?”

“I’m sorry. I haven’t checked the details.”

Unfortunately, I have not heard the details of the request. I had no intention of accepting it, after all.

“But the Guild Master didn’t seem too panicked, so I guess it wasn’t that urgent.”

“Is that so?”

Andy-san, the Guild Master, recommended the request but did not seem to be in a hurry.

“Do all the requests that go out to the Adventurers’ Guild get reported to the Knights Order as well?”

“We don’t get all of them, as you can imagine. But wyverns are a different story. Wild wyverns are ferocious and have a wide scope of activity. Even a sighting outside its territory should be reported…”

Flying monsters can move very quickly. To be vigilant, wyvern sightings outside its territory are immediately to be reported to the country—the Knights Order. If that is the case, it is certainly strange that the leader of the Order, Felix-sama, does not know about it.

“Is that report usually from the Adventurers’ Guild?”

“No, it’s from the feudal lords of the territory. To begin with, the request fee jumps up significantly when it comes to defeating wyverns. Since there is no way that the people of a village or town can afford it, those who request the services of the Adventurers’ Guild must be of a certain rank.”

“Oh, I see. So if the request is out there, that means the lord is aware of it, right?”

I guess reporting is the lord’s jurisdiction, huh~ If he had failed to report it, that could have been a big problem~

“Huh? But couldn’t that mean the request is not within Guardia?”

Although not that many, there are requests for materials for monsters that are only found in other countries, so there is a possibility that the wyvern subjugation could also be outside the country.

“That’s true. The royal capital attracts requests not only from neighboring cities, but also from other countries. If the request is in another country, there is no problem, but if it happens to be a domestic request, we would have to deal with it as soon as possible. We need to gather information.”

“That’s true, too.”

If it were domestic, they would have to deal with it immediately. They can’t just let it go without verification, can they?

“Can I leave this matter to you, Felix?”

“Yes, I have no problem with that.”

“Felix, you must assume the worst.”

“I understand, Brother. I will have the knights ready to move at a moment’s notice.”

For my part, I hope that the request to defeat the wyvern is out of the country. If it’s within the country, it will make me feel like I have brought political problems into the country!

“I think I can be of some help in the war effort, so please give me a word if you need me.”

“Oh, that’s very encouraging. I will be happy to submit a designated request then.”

When I offered to help in any way I could, Austin-sama smiled at me.

“In that case, we will have to discuss the remuneration, won’t we?”

“Nonono, let’s not do that.”

“Nope, you need premium for that. We owe you a lot already, so we have to add a little more color into that.”

I always try to bargain, but when the other party comes on strong, I am the one who gets intimidated.

Well, they have to check the details of the Wyvern request first, so that was the end of the discussion for now.

“Come to think of it, you came back to celebrate the marriage of the second son of the Ruven family, didn’t you?”

“Yes, sir.”

The conversation turned to why we had returned to the Capital this time.

“Miss Rosalie has been suffering for a long time, so I want her to be happy.”

“Oh, you mean to say that Wald-sama’s partner is this Rosalie-sama?”

“Y, yeah, it’s Miss Rosalie Graciez… were you not told?”

We now know the name of the woman Wald-sama is marrying!

But everyone here was more than a little surprised that I didn’t know who Wald-sama was getting married to.

“Ruven family gave me very little information so that I would not be prejudiced by the letter they sent us. So all I know is that she is a daughter of a Marquis and that she has silver hair and blue eyes because of the gift we prepared for her.”

“Whoah~ the Ruven family is so thorough~ They didn’t even tell you her name?”

“Yes, this is my first time hearing about it.”

Al-sama was a little taken aback.

“She’s the Graciez family daughter, a distant relative of our family. My aunt is married into the Graciez family.”

“Hoh~. And then?”

Perhaps convinced by my appeal, Tristan-sama slowly began to speak.

From the very beginning, though, quite a bit of information came out of him!

“… I’m not convinced that that’s the only reaction I’m getting when I hear that she has royal blood, but whatever. Miss Rosalie is my aunt’s granddaughter, and perhaps because of the richness of her blood, she has tremendous magic power.”

Erm… For Tristan-sama, she would be his cousin’s child. To Austin-sama and siblings, she would be their second cousin?

“Having a lot of magic power is a good thing, isn’t it?”

The amount of magic power is often inherited. Therefore, its amount is somewhat taken into account in the marriage conditions of royalty and nobility.

Therefore, the royalty—Tristan-sama and his family, also have a lot of magic power.

“That’s true, but in Miss Rosalie’s case, it is too much.”

… Too much?

If you have more magic power, doesn’t that just increase the frequency and scale of magic you can use?

“Forgive me. I have no idea what’s bad about that.”

“Takumi, when one has too much magic, it becomes difficult to control it, especially spells that require only a little amount of magic power.”

“Can’t you do something about it through training?”

“The training itself is dangerous. If things were to go wrong, a city would be lost.”

“Then, a barrier to protect against it—”

“Not many people can put up such a powerful barrier!”

When I declared that I honestly did not understand what he was saying, Al-sama explained it to me in detail, but in the end, he got angry for some reason.

“But that just means you can’t use magic, right? There are a lot of people out there who can use magic tools but not magic, right? However, by the looks of it, there’s more than that to it, isn’t there?

“Yes, in Miss Rosalie’s case, that’s not all. Uncontrollable magic can be intimidating to others.”

“Oh, I see what you mean. N? Are there, by any chance, any unfavorable rumors flying around about Miss Rosalie?”

“It is much calmer now, but when she was a student it was pretty bad. Deliberately pushing her into intimidating others was still considered cute among the things that happened then.”

I see, so that’s why they didn’t tell me her name. Because if I knew her name, I might have heard some strange rumors.

“But, she’s a young lady of the Marquis’ household, and with the royal blood flowing through her veins at that. How did things get so bad?”

“Unfortunately, Miss Rosalie was beyond control even for the Marquis. Moreover, since most of it took place within the academy, things were pretty much like this when I found out.”

“I see.”

“Takumi, don’t get me wrong. Miss Rosalie is a kind-hearted and graceful woman.”

Marquis’ daughter, of royal blood, and a kind-hearted lady. She seems to be a good candidate minus her intimidating magic power, so it’s a wonder she hasn’t had a fiancé before, but, well, there’s no need to go into the deep end of the story.

“It’s okay. I didn’t mean to sound rude, but I’m not harboring any bad impressions, even if I do feel sympathetic.”

“I see.”

Tristan-sama looked relieved.

Because a woman whom Wald-sama decide to marry so quickly could not possibly be an evil woman.

He would not like the idea of an evil woman, and even if it was a political marriage, he would reject it outright and clearly. On the other hand, if she is a good person, he would not mind even if she is a person with an ugly reputation.

“But, there’s something that doesn’t add up…”

“What is it, Takumi?”

“Why were the Ruvens so adamant about not telling me who it was, when it seems like something they could have told me clearly?”

“Ah~ Takumi, isn’t that it? Maybe it’s not to discredit Miss Rosalie or something?”

“Is that so?”

I heard that ugly stories about noble young ladies can be fatal even if they are not true, so let’s just leave it at that~




Chapter 353

“I’m going to ask Wald-sama a lot of questions when I tease him next time.”

“Haha. Well, do what you will.”

Since Rosalie-sama seems to have been through a lot in her life, there may be some forbidden words or phrases I shouldn’t say before her, so I will ask Wald-sama about them.

“By the way, are you interested in auctions, Takumi?”

That was the end to Rosalie-sama’s story, and the conversation changed again.

Al-sama asked me about auctions.

“Auctions? The fact that there is an auction is new to me.”

“There are auctions of all sizes, but twice a year there is a large country-sponsored auction in the spring and fall.”

“Heeh~ I didn’t know that. I didn’t hear about it last year~”

I was in the Capital this time last year as well, but I never heard anything about an auction.

Oh, no, was that it? Maybe it was a time when we were away from the Capital because I was in Argo on a request.

“Takumi, I will inform you now, but there are no dragon meats or magic rings put up on sale at the moment.”

“Well, those will seldom appear.”

I thought, ‘just maybe’… but, my expectations were not met.

Well, since the person who is the organizer says so, they certainly will not be auctioning them off this time.

“But, there may be other bargains to be found.”

“That’s right. It sounds fun, but…”

“But?”

“I can’t take the kids there with me, can I?”

“Ah~ you had that problem~ I won’t say you can’t bring them with you, but it’s not a good look~”

“I thought so.”

I would like to go to the auction because I think some of the items are rare and never seen before, but children who might make noise in the auction room are usually not welcome.

“It’s possible to go alone if the kids agree, but auction… would they agree with not going?”

Maybe Rebecca-san can take care of the kids, but I bet the kids will want to go because it sounds like fun when it comes to an event where they can see a variety of items. If we keep quiet, people might not notice us, but since they are… intuitive kids, it would be better to stop them from learning to lie and of course, keeping silent when unnecessary.

“There is a way, if you don’t mind standing out.”

“Err… let’s hear it first?”

“You can come with me, as an invited guest.”

“……”

With the royalty. Yeah, that definitely stands out!

“Ah, but, brining the kids with me will stand out… just as much?”

Then I guess I will have less trouble going with the royalty?

“Yeah. Would you like to go together with me then?”

“If that’s okay with you, can we join you?”

“Yeah, I don’t mind.”

Since Al-sama allowed us to accompany him, I will obediently thank him.

“Good for you, Alfried. Now that you have companions, you won’t feel lonely anymore.”

“Uncle!! That nonsense are you talking!”

Lionel-sama called out to Al-sama as if he is making fun of him. That was… completely amusing~

“Is Al-sama the only one going to the auction?”

“It’s an annual thing, so someone has to go and represent us.”

Even though the auction is hosted by the royal family, it does not seem that the royal family will be all present on the day of the auction.

“I see. So you invited me because you were lonely?”

“There’s no way it’s like that! Even if I said I was going alone, I would be escorted, so how could I be lonely or anything!”

As if riding on Lionel-sama’s bandwagon, I asked him a question with a bit of teasing tone, to which he quickly responded.

Well, that’s right. It’s impossible for royalty to go out without an escort or a follower, isn’t it? Even a royal outing with a retinue would have had guards.

“But, won’t it be a problem if I go with you? Would it make it more difficult for the guards?”

“I’m sure it will be fine, so don’t worry about it and go with Al. I know he says he won’t be lonely, but being held for long periods of time with no one to talk to can be a pain.”

Austin-sama told me that if you actively participate in the auction, you won’t have too much free time on your hands, but if you don’t, it would be better to have someone accompany you.

And by a companion, I mean someone other than an escort or a follower. Well, you can’t chat too much with your escort or squire in public, can you?

“If there’s something you want, you can actively participate, or you can just enjoy the atmosphere, so it’s fine if you plan to just go hang out with Al.”

“I understand. Then I will look forward to it.”

Since Austin-sama said it’s okay, I will just go have fun in general.

“Oh, we are still accepting rare items, so if you have something that would be a highlight for us, you are more than welcome to exhibit it. I think you might have a something unusual on you, right?”

“Something that could be auctioned off? Something unusual? Let’s see~”

Something unusual~ Something rare. Something not often seen. Something people would like.

N~ how good of a thing it should be?

“Crystal Elk antlers?”

“That would cause a fuss.”

“Then, how about the polka-dot dye? I still have more of those.”

“Ah, that might be a good item to acution off.”

“Also… Gaya wood, Majesta fruit, Majesta leaves, Kelm salt.”

“Ah~ all those would be appreciated.”

At any rate, I will list every single thing I can think of.

Orc King and Orc General meat sounds good, but the kids don’t like selling food-related items! Oh, then, Majesta fruit might be out of question, too?

And then there’s that~…—

“Large pearls, Rainbow flowers, Red truffles, Reiki weeds, Flame grass.”

“Wait, wait, wait up! Wait a moment, please! You listed all kinds of strange things!”

I gave these names knowing they would interject, though!

And as I planned, Austin-sama showed a panicked expression.

“I also have some rare medicines that were given to me.”

“Haah… it seems that you have much more to list, but let’s hear it first. What’s the medicine? What kind of medicine?”

“Red Rose Drops and Blue Rose Drops.”

“Blue Rose drops!?”

At this moment, Richard-sama, who has been mostly listening, suddenly raised his voice.

He seems to have reacted to the Blue Rose Drops, and that is… conception medicine, right? Perhaps—

“Excuse me for asking, Richard-sama, you don’t have any children yet?”

“Yeah, we are having quite a difficult time conceiving.”

The Blue Rose Drops is the perfect medicine for couples who want to have a child but are having trouble conceiving one.

Richard-sama is still young, so I don’t think there’s any need to be in such a hurry, but his expression seems a little desperate, so it’s probably best not to ask too much.

“In that case, I will give this to you.”

“Nonono, that’s not the kind of thing you can offer up that easily! That being the case, if you put it up for auction, I’m sure it would fetch a pretty penny.”

“I would rather it is useful to someone I know than sell it to someone I don’t know. If it’s something you need, I can give it to you.”

I originally mentioned it as an example, but I didn’t want to put it up for auction because it’s a rarely available drug.

“Not wanting to sell it is so much like you.”

Lionel-sama laughed with amusement.

“It’s so like me, right? That being the case, Richard-sama, please take it.”

“N, no, that’s…”

I put the medicine bottle in Richard-sama’s flustered hands.

“Let me see the baby when it’s born.”

“Takumi-dono, I’m in your debt. However, let me pay the full price.”

I decided to accept the market price because Richard-sama seemed to be concerned about taking it for free.




Chapter 354

“”Onii~chan~””

“Have you finished the difficult conversation?”

Allen and Elena came to our side with Grace-sama.

“Give snacks.”

“Please.”

It seemed that they had come to beg for snacks, but on the children’s side, in addition to fruit water, there should have been some tea cakes, although I did not see them clearly.

“I thought there were snacks for you to eat?”

“”For Ju-chan.””

“We wanna let him eat.”

“What Oniichan made.”

“Haha, I see.”

It seems that they want to let Julius-sama eat the snacks that they always eat.

“But you see~…”

I have some leftover snacks in my Infinite Storage, but that doesn’t mean I can just give them to the kids. After all, we are dealing with the royalty here.

“I don’t mind.”

“It’s fine as long as it’s made by you, Takumi. Oh, please give it to us too.”

However, Tristan-sama gave us permission easily. And when it came to Austin-sama, he asked for their portion as well. Well, that’s fine.

“Err… then, what do you want?”

“”Em, you see~… all kinds of things!”

“All kinds?”

All kinds… do they mean something like an assortment of several kinds of treats? Or do you mean multiple of the same thing with various flavors, like ice cream?

“Allen, Elena, a little more detail please.”

“N, you see, pound cake!”

“And crepes!”

They went with assortment.

“Alright.”

I laid out a large plate with several kinds of pound cakes, crepes, sweet flavored mochi, and even smaller glasses of pudding and jelly. I prepared plates and forks, and let people take what they wanted, mini-buffet style. It would be difficult and troublesome to prepare an assortment for the number of people here in the normal way, where we are not a kitchen, after all.

“Then, take what catches your eye.”

Oh, the other party is royalty, so should I take it for them instead of letting them take it for themselves?

“Allen, Elena, ask Grace-sama and the others what they want to eat, and take it to them on the plates.”

“Tristan-sama is there anything you are interested in?”

Allen and Elena first called out to Grace-sama, then to Aurora-sama and Julius-sama, who were with them on the other side of the room, so I asked Tristan-sama.

“I will go with whatever you recommend.”

“Understood.”

“However… you are not a professional chef, and yet it seems you create more food than most people in this line of work, Takumi.”

“In my case, I just cook whatever I feel like eating.”

I like cooking quite a bit, but I don’t think I could do it as my main occupation. Because it’s not like I could make what I wanted to make, and it seems like a lot of work to think about the budget per meal, the nutrition, the coloring… and all those other details.

“Takumi, do you mind if I pick whatever I like?”

“No, go ahead.”

The three princes couldn’t wait and started to choose by themselves, so after Tristan-sama, I asked Lionel-sama, Richard-sama, and the Prime Minister what they liked.

“They all look delicious, don’t they~”

“”That’s right!””

“Everything Oniichan makes!”

“Is delish!”

“Yes, truly. Still, I didn’t know you can make so many varieties of this so-called pound cake.”

“The ones our cooks make may have different kinds of nuts and dried fruits, but they have never tasted like this!”

There was a time I only made one type of pound cake. It was plain dough with dried fruits and nuts. I distributed that recipe to the houses I knew well and, of course, shared it with the cooks at the castle.

They did try to vary the nuts and dried fruits they mixed in, but it seems that they could not alter the dough.

“It looks like there is nothing in it, but it smells like lemoné. Why is it that there are no chopped lemoné pieces in it?”

The chef must have made a pound cake with chopped dried lemoné before. When she tasted my pound cake, she was surprised at the difference.

The one I made was made with grated lemoné peel and juice, so the texture itself would be different from the one made with chopped dried lemoné fruit.

“This one is with carrots and Ena grass.”

“Yummy~”

“Even Julius who hates vegetables loves this!”

Aurora-sama was impressed by the pound cake with carrots and Ena grass—spinach made into a paste. Children’s dislike of vegetables is the bane of all mothers~

“What is your goal, Takumi? The best chef in the world?”

“No, I’m not aiming for anything. I just like good food.”

“I also like good food, but the thought of cooking myself has never crossed my mind~”

Al-sama was a bit disgruntled.

I mean, the food I want to eat is not sold, so I have no choice but to make it myself! Making it myself also takes a lot of time and effort, so sometimes I would rather just buy it and get it over with, but I can’t do that~

I give out recipes for some things, but… this is that. Even if I teach it to a noble family or the castle, it won’t spread much because the exclusive cooks in those places will only be able to make it, not sell it.

On the other hand, what I teach merchants and stores will spread in the blink of an eye, so I have to also teach them how to make it readily available.

“In Al-sama’s case, isn’t it because you didn’t grow up in an environment where you had to cook for yourself to begin with?”

“Ah~ that may be so.”

“Would you like to cook with me sometime? It would be useful to be able to make even a simple soup for when you go to a dungeon or when you are away from home, wouldn’t it?”

“I will pass. I mean, we now have the instant soups thanks to you. That is going to be priceless.”

I tried to invite Al-sama to cook, but he casually declined.

Well, princes don’t have to cook, do they?

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.”

“Allen is going to cook with you!”

“Elena also wants to cook together!”

“Haha, thank you.”

I was a little dejected, so Allen and Elena consoled me that they would cook together with me.




Chapter 355

The day after our visit to the castle, I didn’t feel like going out, so we stayed inside the Ruven residence.

“I’m going to make Daifuku.”

“”Snack?””

“Yeah. It’s made from mochi (glutinous rice cake) and anko (red bean paste).”

“”Ohh! Let’s make Daifuku~!””

I decided to make strawberry Daifuku, as requested from Syl… no, Marianora-sama, and borrowed a section of the kitchen at the Ruven residence. Although I say that, it was only a work table in the corner of the room.

The cooks seemed to be curious about what we were going to do, but they were busy with their own work, so they gave priority to their own tasks. Maybe we should prepare some refreshments for them later.

“First of all, let’s cook a big batch of Red Wheat…”

We have a lot of Red Wheat, so I decided to make a large quantity.

That being the case, we will also need to prepare a large quantity of anko. Strawberry Daifuku uses… koshian (fine red bean paste)? Or was it shiroan (white bean paste)? Well, why not make both? Oh, we don’t have to make Daifuku only with strawberries, but we can also use other fruits, right?

Let’s say we make regular Daifuku as well, so for all that we will need tsubuan (chunky red bean paste), koshian, and shiroan. And then… shiroan mixed with chocolate, or ishiuri—pumpkin, sweet potato, and so on.

“”What can we do~?””

“Let’s see, how about you guys make anko dango?”

“”Anko dango?””

“The kind with anko rolled into a ball. Strawberry… I mean, could you try rolling Ichi in anko… at least to this size?”

“”Alright~””

I prepared some not so big Ichi fruits that were more uniform in size, and made a sample dango by sticking some koshian on one of them. Allen and Elena then proceeded to make more anko dango in a familiar manner.

Meanwhile, I decided to prepare the mochi. Mochi is made by steaming and mashing Red Wheat, but it becomes hard when it cools down, so I added sugar to the rice while mashing it so that it does not become hard.

“… It’s quite a hassle when making a large volume, huh~”

It was quite a hassle to crush them manually using a mortar and pestle. But that doesn’t mean that working with a mortar and pestle is too ostentatious. Come to think of it, I was thinking of having something like a kneader magic tool made, but I had just ordered a variety of other magic tools, so I had put that on hold and forgotten to ask for it.

“Oniichan!””

“What is it~? are you done already?”

“”Not yet~ You see, you see.””

“Please give.”

“Nana fruit.”

I thought they had already finished making the anko dango, but it seems the children wanted Nana fruit.

“Nana fruit? Sure… you want to eat it?”

“”Noo~””

“Wanna put it in chocolate.”

“Like we did Ichi!”

“Ohh!”

Nana fruit in chocolate red bean paste! Yeah, that sounds like a match made in heaven!

“Allen, Elena, you are geniuses! What a great idea!”

“”Ehehe~””

“How amazing~ If you come up with other matches, please say so.”

“”Fruits~?””

“Fruits, berries, nuts, whatever is fine. Anything that you think would go well with mochi.”

“”Then, ice!””

“Ohh!”

Ice cream Daifuku! My kids really are geniuses!

Ah, but the ice cream Daifuku I’m imagining is not made with mochiko (sweet rice flour), but with shiratamako (different kind of sweet rice flour), isn’t it? But, well, even if it were made with mochiko, it should definitely taste delicious.

“Good, good!”

I have plenty of ice cream in my Infinite Storage, so I can make it with no problem… Oh, how do we roll the ice cream, though? I remember thinking about asking for an ice cream scoop, but… I totally forgot. At any rate, I will have to somehow manage to roll it up with a spoon today.

“”Oniichan.””

“It’s done.”

“We have finished~”

“Ohh~ you made a lot. Thank you.”

When Allen and Elena finished making the anko dango, I also finished preparing the mochi.

“Then, let’s get wrapping next.”

Here comes the crucial moment! Or rather, the difficult part.

After cutting the mochi into a sheet and dusting it with potato starch to prevent it from sticking to my hands, I lightly stretched it out and wrapped the anko dango in it.

“Wow! So sticky!”

“”Oniichan, do your best!””

“Ah, I pulled too hard and made a hole!”

“”Oniichan, a little more!”

The mochi stuck all over my fingers while I was trying to wrap it.

Allen and Elena were cheering me on with excited looks.

“I, it’s done~”

“”Ohh~””

The first piece of strawberry Daifuku was somehow made, although it was quite misshapen.

“Anyhow, let’s try tasting it.”

“”Yay~””

It was difficult to cut Daifuku with a knife, so I used wind magic to quickly cut it into three equal parts.

“”Yummy~””

Next, I wrapped regular Daifuku and banana-chocolate bean paste in mochi, struggling to get it right, and we tasted it right away.

“”Both are delish~””

The appearance of the mochi still looked ugly, but the taste seems to be fine.

Well, as for the appearance, it was better than the first one, so it will get better with more of them.

“Alright! Let’s keeping them going!”

“Can Allen try~?”

“Elena wants to give it a try, too!”

“Sure, but… it’s quite difficult, you know?”

The kids wanted to try making Daifuku, so I let them try.

“”Muu…””

“Put a little more flour on your hands.”

“”Nn?””

“Right, right, just like that.”

Allen and Elena wrinkled their brows as they wrapped it up with serious expressions on their faces.

“”It’s done~!””

“Ohh~ looking good!”

Maybe better than my first time. No, definitely better.

“So, are you two going to help me?”

“”Leave it to us!””

“Alright. Let’s keep themgoing then.”

“”Oh~!””

Allen and Elena were now in force, and the three of us mass-produced Daifuku.

“Okay, this is the last one.”

“”We are finished~!””

“Allen, Elena, I will take care of the cleanup, so can you deliver the freshly made Daifuku to Rebecca-san and the others?”

“”We will help cleaning up~?””

“Don’t worry, it won’t take long. Go ahead and ask for tea to be prepared.”

“”Okay~””

“Will go first.”

“And ask for tea.”

After seeing Allen and Elena off with the Daifuku, I cleaned up. Well, although I say that, I have been cleaning as we progressed, so it didn’t take me too long.

“Barry-san, I hope you could eat this with everyone.”

“Ah, thank you so much!”

“They get hard when they dry, so if you can’t eat them right away, please keep a cloth over them.”

“Okay, I understand.”

“Then, I’m sorry to have disturbed you~”

I gave the cooks’ share of Daifuku to the Head Chef, Barry-san. I’m sorry, but each of them only got one. I gave them a mixture of different flavors of Daifuku, so I don’t know who will get what flavor. Oh, I didn’t know when they will eat them, so I did not give them the ice cream filled ones.

“I have to deliver them to Syl next~”

I left the kitchen and sent Daifuku to Syl in a secluded place, and that was the end of my mission.

The request was for strawberry Daifuku, but I ended up sending an assortment of various Daifuku. I wonder if she will like them?




Chapter 356

“”Oniichan, you came~!”

“We were waiting for you~”

“Quickly sit down~”

When I met up with the children who had taken Daifuku and headed ahead to the lounge where Rebecca-san was staying, they were waiting for me as if to say, “You are finally here.”

“Huh? You were waiting for me?”

“Isn’t delicious food even better when everyone eats it together?”

“You are saying it’s delicious, but this will be your first time eating it, so it might not be to your liking, Rebecca-san~”

“Oh my, if it’s something you made, then of course it’s going to be delicious.”

Whoah~ That’s a lot of confidence in me~ But, it makes me happy.

“Right, right, Takumi–san. Why don’t you call Joule-chan and others, too?”

“”Is that okay~?””

“Yes, of course. I haven’t seen them for a while, too.”

Rebecca-san and the others know I have Contracted beasts, and they have met many times.

I took her word for it and called up the Fenrir Joule, Celestial Tiger’s Feat, Thunderhawk Bolt, Scarlet King Leo’s Vector, and Forest Rat Mile. Oh, and since there’s opportunity, let’s call Shiro and the other pastel rabbits, too!

(Kyan!)

(Garu!)

“My, oh my, what is the matter?”

When Joule noticed that Rebecca-san was there, he was the first to run up to her and try to get her to pat his head. Vector noticed this and followed.

“You guys seem to be doing well~”

(Yes, doing very well!)

(Oh my! Is this voice Joule-chan’s? What an adorable voice~”

Joule and the others seem to have become able to send telepathic messages to people other than me and the children, perhaps because they have become more proficient in the Telepathy skill, and they were happily talking to Rebecca-san.

(Yes, that’s right. How about you, Mama?)

“I’m also doing very well.”

(I see. That’s good. Hey, hey, Mama, pat me~)

“Okay~”

(Ah, Joule, that’s unfair! Mama, me too!)

“Fufu, Vector-chan is spoiled as always~”

For some reason, Joule and the others call Rebecca-san “Mama”. I think it’s because she’s like a mother to me, who they look up as their older brother… but Rebecca-san seemed to accept it without question. She has a big heart~

(Fufu. Then, I’m going to have Niisama pat me)

(Aniue, me too, please.)

(Then, I will get patted by Allen and Elena!)

Feat, Bolt, and Mile came up to me and the kids.

(Huh? What is this? New food?)

(Oh my, really. Is this… mochi?)

(Is this something Aniue made?)

(Eh, new stuff? What is it, what is it?)

Joule and the others noticed the Daifuku on the table.

“Ah, right.”

“”We forgot~””

“Rebecca-san, give it a try.”

“”Obaasama, eat up, eat up~””

“Fufu, right. Let me give it a try.”

We were so busy with Joule and the others that I forgot to ask them to eat the Daifuku.

“Today, I have prepared Ichi Daifuku and Choco-nana Daifuku. There are also some without fruit, but we will get to those later.”

As expected, I don’t think we could eat all kinds of Daifuku at once, so I prepared Daifuku with fruit today.

“So it is called Daifuku.”

“”Yeah!””

“From the name, it must contain Ichi fruit and Nana fruit, right? And then there’s mochi around it?”

“”Correct!””

“Ichu fruit koshi-an.”

“Nana choco-an.”

“”Is inside!””

“Oh my, is that so~”

Rebecca-san, Joule, and the rest were eating Daifuku while listening to Allen and Elena’s explanation.

“Mochi, isn’t that what you had us try back in Rubia?”

“”That’s right!””

I once made a freshly pounded mochi, with a variety of toppings prepared for others. At that time, I think it was Mitarashi sauce, anko, roasted soybean flour, grated daikon, and butter shoyu?

“Oh my, it’s very delicious~”

(((((Yeah, delicious!)))))

“”Yay~!””

Apparently, everyone liked it.

“Mochi can have many flavors, I see~”

(Yeah, yeah! They go with everything! I like everything, but I like Mitarashi the most!)

(Indeed~ I think I like Ichi fruit and anko the most~)

(I like the daikon one.)

(I like this chocolate one the most!)

(I like soybean flour!)

“My, oh my, everyone’s tastes are all over the place~”

Rebecca-san giggled as Joule and the others expressed their own preferences for mochi, but their opinions are so varied.

(Truly!)

(Fufu. But, isn’t that just fine? It’s just that the flavors we like best are different, but we all like the others, too, don’t we?)

(Indeed. I like the other flavors, too.)

(Me too!)

(I am the same!)

It makes me happy to hear that you like all the flavors.

“As expected, everything Takumi-san makes is delicious.”

“”The things Oniichan makes are the best in the world!””

“My, oh my!”

Rebecca-san summed it up, but then Joule and the others and Rebecca-san look at each other and started laughing at Allen and Elena’s comment.

“But, it’s exactly as Allen-chan and Elena-chan said.”

(((((Yeah!)))))

I’m embarrassed to be praised that much.

“You are praising me too much.”

“”That’s not truemon!””

(((((That’s right!)))))

The kids’ confidence in me is quite incredible, too~

“Fufu, I’m happy for you, Takumi-san.”

Rebecca-san was smiling at our exchange.




Chapter 357

The day after we made Daifuku, I decided to go to Grandpa Sol’s magic tool shop to have a kneader made before I forgot.

“”Hello~””

“Oh! You came~”

As we entered the building, which still looked like a rundown haunted house, we were greeted by Grandpa Sol, the owner of the store.

“Hello. Long time no see.”

“I heard you were leaving the Capital, but I didn’t know you returned~”

“Yes, we have some business to attend to here. Ah, this is a souvenir for you.”

“Oh, thanks.”

I gave him some Daifuku we made yesterday as a souvenir.

“Ah, it’s not a souvenir from our previous desination, it’s just something sweet we made.”

“Hooh~ sweet, huh. Can I taste it right away?”

“Of course, it’s called Daifuku, it was made from Red Wheat and Red Beans. Ah, it’s quite springy in texture, so be careful not to choke on it.”

“This is my first time eating Red Wheat.”

Grandpa Sol picked up the Daifuku with a curious look on his face and bit into it.

“Ohh, it really is chewy~ but also very yummy.”

“”Really?””

“Allen also made this.”

“Elena also did her best.”

“Is that so? That is incredible.”

Daifuku seemed to suit Grandpa Sol’s palate.

“Is this chewy texture coming from the Red Wheat? I see, I see. So you want a magic tool made to help you crush Red Wheat into this chewy texture… something like that?”

“……”

“Am I wrong?”

“… You understand me too well.”

Grandpa Sol guessed exactly what kind of magic tool I was going to ask him for.

“Fuoh, fuoh, fuoh. Looks like I got it right.”

“”Ojiichan, amazing!””

“Fuoh, fuoh, fuoh.”

“You really guessed it right.”

“I’ve never seen Red Wheat in the flesh, but I take it from the name that it’ should be grains just like White Wheat?”

“That’s correct.”

He really knows what he’s talking about.

“How about it? Can you do it?”

“Let’s see~ I could do something like a hammer that moves at regular internvals, but then… it could only crush in one place.”

“Indeed.”

Worst-case scenario, I could have just the hammer part made, and do the rest myself, but…—

“N~ Let’s see~ Would it be possible if there was a mechanism for the action of shifting the Red Wheat, even just a little bit, at the bottom of the vessel?”

“Fumu. I see, so it’s enough for the contents to be shifted around a little.”

“Yes, the hammer doesn’t have to reach all the way to the bottom, so I suppose it could be rigged up at the bottom… I wonder if that would be possible?”

It doesn’t have to be mixing constantly, as long as there is an occasional hand-like motion.

“That should be fine. I will give it a try.”

“Please!”

“Fuoh, fuoh, fuoh. Leave it to me.”

“”Ojiichan, please do your best~!””

Good. He said he would give it a try.

I asked Grandpa Sol to make it for me, and the kids followed suit.

“Oh, and excuse me, could you make a magic tool that gradually cools and freezes a liquid while stirring it?”

“”For ice cream!””

“Yes, that’s right.”

Next, I asked for an ice cream maker.

It occurred to me that if I could freeze a liquid while stirring it, I could make it. I wanted making ice cream to be easier.

“Hmm, I don’t know what ice cream is, but I can do it.”

“Really? Then, I would like that made, too. Ah, by the way, ice cream is kind of like shaved ice made with milk.”

“Hoh~ shaved ice, huh. I’d like to try that.”

“If you want, I can prepare it for you, but it’s a little cold today, so it’s not suitable today, you know?”

“What~ I will just make the room warmer. By all means, please let me try it.”

“Allen will eat too~”

“Elena as well~!”

“Roger that. How about… milk and choco-ichi today?”

“”Sounds good!””

I also like the idea of eating ice cream in a warm room.

“Here you go.”

“”Yay!””

“Oh, thanks.”

As the four of us started eating ice cream, for some reason, I was reminded of the kotatsu.

I don’t absolutely need a kotatsu, but sometimes I miss it. Maybe I should have this one made, too.

“Ohh, this is also tasty! I would love for Stefan to sell this at his place, too.”

“Ah, come to think of it, we were talking about selling the shaved ice, didn’t we? How is that going?”

I asked Grandpa Sol, remembering that shaved ice was sold by the Fiji Company, of which I am a frequent customer, and that Stefan-san, the chairman of the Fiji Company, had taken the lead in selling it.

“What, you haven’t showed your face at Stefan’s yet?”

“Not yet.”

“Stefan is going to cry.”

“Eh?”

“He once rushed over to me to tell me that he had received a special order from the castle for a shaved ice machine.”

“Ah~…”

I remember that when I went to Creta, I gave shaved ice to Austin-sama, and the princes of Creta, Rain-sama and Cloud-sama, and they liked it so much that they told me that they were going to get the shaved ice machine’s magic tool.

“It seems that you have an idea. If you have contacted him beforehand, Stefan would not have been in such a panic.”

“Uwah~ I did something bad~ I will visit him later.”

“That would be for the best. I’m sure he has a lot of other matters he wants to report directly to you.”

“Eh!?”

Was there anything else unrelated to the shaved ice? Curry powder or Easy Salt Series?

Oh, come to think of it, I need to go get a deposit slip from the Merchant Guild as well~

“… I can’t run away, can I~”

“Nope.”

“”Oniichan, do your best!””

“… Yes~”

What a melancholy~ I thought, but the kids cheered me on.

“Fuoh, fuoh, fuoh. You are going to have to do your best.”

“Indeed.”

After this, while enjoying their ice cream, the children told Grandpa Sol about the magic tool shop in the city of Byld in the country of Serdik, and other things that had happened on our trip.

“Well, I will leave things to you then.”

He said that the prototype would be ready in about five days, so we promised to come back around that time and then left the store. Oh, and of course, I didn’t forget to ask him about the kotatsu.




Chapter 358

“Welco—President! President! Takumi-san is here——!”

As soon as we entered the Fiji Company’s store, a clerk immediately ran into the back, shouting that we arrived.

It seemed that he was a clerk who knew me.

Takumi-dono—!”

And so, Stefan-san immediately trotted over.

“As I always say, there is no need to be in such a hurry.”

“No, no, no, we don’t want to keep you waiting, Takumi-dono. Please follow me into the parlor.”

As usual, Stefan-san lead us to the parlor… while gasping for breath.

“Well, hello again, it’s been a long time. I am glad to see that you are in good health.”

“Thank you very much for your kind attention. Thank you for coming in today.”

“Let me say this immediately… I apologize for all the inconvenience.”

“What? Eh!? What is this about, Takumi-dono?”

After the greetings, I first apologized.

“I heard that you had it difficult because of an order from the castle.”

“Oh! No need to apologize for that! I am rather grateful to you for your sales pitch!”

“No, but I could have informed you first…”

Stefan-san didn’t seem to mind, but it’s certain I could have contacted him beforehand.

“You really don’t have to worry about it. Oh, I should offer you a reward for bringing business!”

“Nonono! What are you talking about! I don’t need it!”

Not only did he not care, but for some reason Stefan-san seemed to be in a good mood and tried to offer me a reward, so I hurriedly stopped him.

“However, we have also received a contract to deliver curry powder on a regular basis, and in considerable quantities.”

“Curry powder? Ah~…”

I’m sure it’s that. It’s for use in instant soups. They said they were going to make curry soup too.

“Are you good on the ingredients?”

“You mean the herbs? We have already started growing them, and it seems to be going well, so there should be no problem.”

I was worried that he might run out of herbs if ordered in large quantities, but the mass production system was already in place. As expected of Stefan-san.

“I am sure that the contract was obtained thanks to you, Takumi-dono. So I feel I must repay you in some way.”

“Nonono, if the curry powder sells, that alone is enough for me to earn a certain amount of money.”

I am getting part of the profits from the curry powder, and from now on I will also get part of the profits from the instant soups… This sounds like double exploitation, but is it okay? No, I’m sure it’s ok, but what the heck, I feel bad~

“Oh, yes. I told Grandpa Sol about another icy treat that is similar to sha—”

“What kind of thing is it!?”

At any rate, I forced myself to change the subject before we could get into full-blown discussions about rewards and such. I was just about to tell Stefan-san about something.

However, before I could finish, Stefan-san leaned forward with extreme vigor, so I couldn’t finish.

“Erm… it’s called ice cream, and it’s made from milk.”

“Ice cream, is it! Takumi-dono, do you have this ice cream on you? I would love to sample it, by all means!”

“Yes. I will prepare it right away.”

First of all, I had Stefan-san to taste the ice cream.

The flavors were the same as the one Grandpa Sol had tasted, milk, chocolate, and Ichi.

“You said it’s from milk, so this white one must be it. And what is this pink one, then?”

“This is also made from milk, but it’s mixed with Ichi fruit.”

“I see. Then, what is the one with these brown chunks?”

“Ah, this is called chocolate, it was made from Kaoka beans.”

“My! From Kaoka beans! So you found a use for those bitter beans!”

Ah, come to think of it, Kaoka beans were first given to me by Stefan-san, weren’t they?

And I think… I might have not reported back to him that I managed to make chocolate out of them?

“That’s right. We managed to make Kaoka beans into something good, so we named it chocolate and processed it into various sweets.”

“As expected of you, Takumi-dono. Then, let me taste it right away.”

“Yes, go ahead before it melts.”

I am sorry to Stefan-san, but I will keep quiet about the fact that the chocolate was made a long time ago.

“Wonderful! The milk flavor is smooth and very easy to eat. The Ichi flavor also has a great flavor, plus the Kaoka bean… chocolate, you said? That gives it a nice slight bitterness and texture.”

Stefan-san finished the ice cream in no time, raving about it.

“This would be great for our Refreshing Arbour!”

“Erm, excuse me. What is this… Refreshing Arbour?”

“Oh! I haven’t told you yet, did I? Refreshing Arbour is our store that specializes in shaved ice.”

“You build your own specialized shaved ice store!?”

“Yes, all thanks to you.”

I had thought they were selling shaved ice at a food stall or something, but now they have an entire store specialized in shaved ice!

When I asked for more details, it appears that shaved ice is available in the store and various fruit jams are sold there for takeaway as well. As for the magic tool shaved ice machine, they do not sell it on the spot, but they do take orders.

“Of course, a portion of the profits will be transferred to your account, Takumi-dono.”

“What? Why?”

“Shaved ice is a sweet treat you proposed to us, isn’t it?”

“That may be so, but…”

Stefan-san always allocates a portion of the profits to me, even though I have not said anything. He could have taken all of the profits.

But it’s that kind of Stefan-san that makes me feel close to him~

“Thank you for always being so good to me.”

“No, it’s only natural. Thank you for always imparting good products to us as well. And so, of course you can trust our business association with your ice cream, yes?”

“Of course! Is what I would like to say, but… as for this ice cream, we have already taught a few people how to make it, haven’t we? Is that still okay?”

“That’s not a problem. We sell stir-fried vegetables, which every household can make, but we still have big sales of it in the cafeteria.”

“Now that you say it, that’s true.”

Even if there are people who can make it, there will be those who buy it. I mean, if they were for sale, I would probably buy them in bulk or something, too, to spare the time to make them.

“Also, since ice cream is based on the milk flavor, you can do a lot of different things with it, like the Ichi flavor, right?”

“Yes, that’s—”

“‘There’s lots~””

I was about to say, he can do many things with it, but was interrupted by the kids. They have been quiet so far, but if the topic is ice cream, does that mean they want to participate?

“Lots, you say? What kind of ice cream do you two like?”

“Allen likes choco~”

“Elena likes honey flavor~”

“Fumufumu. Is there more?”

“There’s one with Maro~”

“Berry-flavored are good too!”

“I see, I see. Not only can you change the flavor, but you can also chop them up and mix them in, like with the chocolate.”

Stefan-san immediately started researching the types of ice cream from Allen and Elena.

“Yes. The milk flavor can be transformed into many flavors with things like chocolate, Maro, or nuts. It is possible to make several kinds of one flavor by mixing and matching. Of course, not all combinations are possible because they might not match with each other.”

“It’s worth researching.”

“For now, I will leave you with the recipe for the milk flavor and a description of how to process the chocolate.”

“Thank you very much. I will make sure it is ready for sale before next summer.”

“I wish you good luck.”

It seems that he will be aiming to develop the product during the coming cold season and start selling it around the time when the weather gets warmer. It would be great to have new flavors of ice cream then.

Incidentally, when I explained to Stefan-san that an ice cream scoop might be necessary for the store, he said that it indeed sounded useful, and he asked me to ask the blacksmith to make it on his behalf. So we decided to go to the blacksmith shop, which we had planned to go to later.




Chapter 359

As I was spending my time making preserves and other things that suddenly came to my mind, I received a call from Grandpa Sol.

It seemed that he had made prototype magic tools, and although he had told me that it would take about five days, it was three days later that I received the call.

Moreover, Stefan-san also contacted me to ask me to taste the ice cream he had made.

“Where do we.”

“Go first~?”

“Let’s go to Grandpa Sol’s place first.”

The next day, I decided to go to the magic tool shop first. I had informed both that I would visit Grandpa Sol’s in the morning and Stefan-san’s in the afternoon.

“””Hello~”””

“Oh, you came.”

“Thank you for contacting me. You have finished it quite quickly.”

“I was quite fired up, you see~ Come, take a look at them.”

“Is it okay if I actually try using them?”

“Of course.”

I took out a cooked Red Wheat, egg mixture, and others ingredients that I had prepared beforehand, so that I could try out the magic tools right away.

“Allen will do this one~”

“Then, Elena will do this~”

Allen put the steaming Red Wheat into the mochi pounder, and Elena put the egg mixture into the ice cream maker.

“”Preparations finished!””

“Thank you. Then, the switch is…”

“Here and here.”

“”Click!””

When Grandpa Sol pointed out the switches, Allen and Elena pressed them with great enthusiasm, and the magic tools began to operate.

“””Ohh~”””

As for the mochi pounder, the bowl itself was vibrating as it turned, and the Red Wheat was being crushed well and evenly as it was slammed with a hammer from above.

And the ice cream maker, the entire bowl cooled down, and the blades of the spatula attached to the bottom turned in a circular motion along the bowl, stirring and freezing the egg mixture.

“How is it?”

“It feels good so far!”

“”Ojiichan is amazing~!””

The mochi and ice cream were ready in no time.

“”It’s done!””

“Incredible! It’s perfect!”

“I see, I see. I’m glad to hear that. Stefan had been urging me to hurry up and get the ice cream maker done. I’m glad it’s acceptable to you.”

“Hahaha~”

Since he’s trying to sell ice cream, Stefan-san probably needs the ice cream maker more than I do. But I forgot to tell Stefan-san that I had asked Grandpa Sol for the ice cream maker, so I’m sure he came to him for advice on magic tool with a great vigor~

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“”Let’s eat the.””

“Mochi.”

“And ice.”

As I was imagining Stefan-san urging Grandpa Sol, I was being urged myself to eat the mochi and ice cream.

“Can I have some of that, too?”

“Of course you can. It’s a bit early, but let’s have lunch, shal lwe? Ah, but, let’s see, I would like to do some work, could I borrow your place.”

“Then you can use this place.”

With Grandpa Sol’s permission, I started making lunch at the workbench.

I made mochi with grated shoyu, zouni (soup containing rice cakes), mochi bacon, and other mochi dishes that came to mind, and for ice cream, I decorated it on pancakes with fruit.

“Grandpa, it’s done~”

“Come over here, please.”

When the dishes were finished, I called out to Grandpa Sol and heard him calling from the back of the store, so I headed that way.

“Ah, it’s kotatsu! So you were able to finish this as well!”

It was probably a private place, but a kotatsu had been set up in one of the areas with a rug.

“Test this one out, too. I think it came out quite well. I have tried it myself, and I don’t think I would want to give this up during the cold months.”

“Right? Then, please excuse me.”

“Allen, too~”

“Elena as well~”

The three of us took off our shoes and got into the kotatsu.

“How nice~”

“”Ohh~ so warm~””

“But I think the temperature could be a little cooler. I think that way you can relax for a longer time.”

“I thought you would say so, so I have made the temperature adjustable in three levels. Here, here it is. I wanted to heat it up right away, so I set it to the highest setting.”

“That’s really great!”

Grandpa Sol came into the kotatsu and showed us where we could adjust the temperature.

I set it to the lowest setting because our bodies will warm up as we eat the meal.

“I was a little reluctant to take off my shoes and sit on the ground, but when I tried it, I found it comfortable. I made one for myself right away. By the way, this one is mine.”

“You like it, don’t you? It’s good, isn’t it? Oh, if you don’t feel comfortable on the ground, how about a horigotatsu?

“Horigotatsu… what?”

“You set the kotatsu up on a platform of some height, and make a hole in the center where you put your feet.”

“I see~ So you can be creative with how you set it up.”

I will order a horigotatsu, too. Then I will set the kotatsu on top of the stand and put it in the Infinite Storage. That way, it will be ready to use anywhere.

“”Oniichan, mochi and ice~””

“Yesyes. Let’s start with the mochi then.”

“”Yay!””

“Oh, that looks yummy~”

The mochi were presented on the table, to which the participants shouted in admiration.

“I hope you won’t be too full from the mochi since I prepared pancakes for the ice cream. Oh, and just little bit to taste for Allen and Elena, hotcakes and fruit.”

“”Ehh~””

“If you guys don’t want to eat when we go to the Fiji Company, then you can have it now, but… what do you want to do?”

“”Uu~…””

The reason we have been invited to the Fiji Company this afternoon is to taste the ice cream, so it would indeed be too much cold to eat it both times. I would like to make them hold out for one or the other.

“”Will endure for now~””

“You two are very admirable. Now, have the mochi.”

“”Yeah, let’s eat~””

We spent the rest of the time relaxing under the kotatsu, enjoying the mochi, followed by the pancakes.

“I’m sorry for interrupting you for such a long time.”

“Don’t mind it. I had a good time, too. Even if you don’t order any magic tools, you can come back anytime.”

“”Yes, will come again~””

There were more new magic tools that I wanted, so we talked about it, and the kids told Grandpa Sol about their memories from the trip, and before I knew it, quite a bit of time had passed.

After hurriedly receiving the new magic tools and paying for them, we left the magic tool shop.




Chapter 360

“Hello~”

“”Hello~””

“Takumi-dono, you have come. Follow me inside, please. The President is restlessly waiting for you.”

When we visited the Fiji Company’s store, a shopkeeper immediately guided me to the reception room.

“Takumi-dono, thank you for coming. Come, come, please take a seat.”

I was greeted by Stefan-san in the reception room, and he immediately urged us to sit down.

“The ice cream prototypes were made quite quickly, weren’t they?”

“Sometimes in business, speed is of the essence!”

It appears that Stefan-san was a businessman first at heart, after all.

“We have a few basic milk-flavored ice cream flavors available today, and we’d appreciate your feedback.”

“Several varieties of the same flavor?”

“Yes, we have prepared several kinds of milk of Moo from different regions, as well as milks from other animals.”

Heeh~ milk from different places. It is true that the thickness and flavor of milk differs depending on the environment in which the animal is grown. But to be able to do that in just a few days… that’s amazing, Stefan-san~

“I’m looking forward to it, but my opinion might not be helpful, you know? I’m sure I will say, ‘Everything tastes good’ anyway.”

“Nono, if something is to your liking, I will have confidence to move on, so please give me your honest opinion.”

“Err… alright.”

So, we started tasting the ice cream that Stefan-san prepared for us.

“May I serve it without mentioning the place of origin, and just number them?”

“I don’t know where the milk comes from, but if I find out it’s not from Moo, I might be prejudiced. That should be fine.”

“Then, let’s start with the number one.”

Immediately, the first kind of ice cream was served, and what a surprise! It was served round.

“Stefan-san, this is!”

“We used the tool that you have told us about. It is just a prototype, but we can serve it in a beautiful shape like this already.”

“That’s amazing. And it works fast!”

“We have no problem with it as far as we are concerned, but would you please check it later? If there are no problems, we will have a finished product made.”

“Understood!”

It seems that the scooper was already ready. If you can hollow out the ice cream so beautifully, it will not be a problem, even if it is different from the tool I have in mind.

“Now, now, you should try the ice cream before it melts.”

“That’s true. Then, let’s dig in.”

“”Itadakima~su!””

Putting the utensils behind us, we tried the first one first.

The first was light and refreshing, the second was rather rich. The third one was a bit more peculiar and tasted like… Mee milk, I guess? The fourth was refreshing, similar to the first.

“Wow! This is delicious!”

“”I like this~!””

The fifth ice cream was even richer than the second one.

Allen and Elena also seemed to like it, and although it was a small portion for tasting, they devoured it in one go.

“Number five is the one that stands out at me.”

“The milk of No. 5 is the milk of Moo, which we feed with special care. Takumi-dono and the children have as good taste buds as they can be.”

“No, it was simply that delicious. Oh, so it seems like you can’t get a very good supply of No. 5 milk though, right?”

“Yes, that’s exactly right.”

As I thought~ I guess there are people in this world who are particular about raising animals, too~

“We’re thinking of setting the price higher and offering it in limited quantities.”

“That sounds great. If you start offering them for sale, I will be the first one to come and buy.”

“”Definitely buying~””

“And these kids seem to like it, too.”

I’m really looking forward to seeing these on sale.

“How was everything else?”

“Let’s see. I think the second one is rich and milky. On the other hand, the first one tasted refreshing, so I think it would be easier to mix it with different flavors. Oh, it would be delicious with fruit jam. Wouldn’t it be nice to choose the jam you use for shaved ice and pour it over it?”

“”That sounds yummy! Wanna eat!””

“The Refreshing Arbour” seems to have a variety of fruit jams for shaved ice, so it would be fun to choose one.

“That is a wonderful idea! Would it be all right to put that idea of yours to use?”

“Yes, of course. Come to think of it, I forgot to ask you last time, how many kinds of jam do you have for shaved ice?”

“Oh my goodness! Takumi-dono, let me leave the seat for a second, please.”

I only asked what kind of jams, but Stefan-san looked despairing and hurried out of the reception room.

“”What is it~?””

“… I wonder what?”

As I tilted my head along with the children at the sudden turn of events, Stefan-san soon returned.

“Sorry to keep you waiting! Takumi-dono, please take these home.”

When Stefan-san returned, he was carrying a large amount of jars of jam.

It might be the jams that are sold at the Refreshing Arbour.

“Eh, sorry. I did not mean to place demands or anything…”

I didn’t bring up the subject to demand these, but did it sound like that from Stefan-san’s point of view?

“Nono, I was originally going to give it to you, but I was so excited about the ice cream that I forgot about it the last time. So, Takumi-dono, please don’t hesitate to try it whenever you feel like it.”

I see. The look on Stefan-san’s face when he hurriedly left the reception room was because he remembered that he had forgotten.

“If that’s the case, then thank you very much.”

“”Thank you.””

I thanked him, followed by the kids.

“That’s quite the variety~”

“There’s so many!”

“Looking forward to it!”

I looked at the jams again, and they all seemed to be of different kinds.

“Which one is the most popular, by the way?”

“Unfortunately, we don’t have one that is outstandingly popular yet… Since it is the first time people try something like this, everyone seems to be trying out different flavors.”

“I see~”

It is true that shaved ice is something that has just started to appear. For now, they are probably starting with their favorite fruits, so I wonder if they are going to order the full range in the end?

“Women and children are mostly ordering sweet Ichi or sweet and sour mixed berries the most. For men, it’s a refreshing lemoné.”

“Heeh~ By the way, what is in the mixed berries?”

“Oh, it’s a mixture of blueberries, redberries, and blackberries.”

“”Wanna try~””

Mixed jam, huh? That sounds delicious, too. I will try making some next time.

After that, we continued discussing ice cream for a while.

At that time, I suggested pancakes or pound cake and ice cream platter… Stefan-san’s eyes lit up instantly.

I had only a lighthearted hope that we would be able to buy pound cakes, but it seemed to have stimulated Stefan-san’s motivation. I’m sure they will start selling them in stores in the near future.




Chapter 361

“”Oniichan, look at this~””

Allen and Elena, dressed in cute, pure white clothes decorated with bright white flowers, spun around on the spot as if to show off their new clothes.

“Ohh~ it suits you so well. So cute~”

“”Ehehe~””

Today was the long-awaited wedding of Wald-sama

In the end, I didn’t get to meet Wald-sama’s bride, Rosalie-sama, beforehand.

“Allen-chan and Elena-chan are both very adorable~”

“”Thank you! Obaasama is pretty, too!””

“Fufu, thank you. Ah, of course, the clothes suit you as well, Takumi-san.”

“Thank you very much. You also look wonderful, Rebecca-san.”

Rebecca-san, dressed in formal attire, had a yellow artificial flower hairpin-style hair ornament in her hair, which we had made after we arrived in the capital.

“You are using the hairpin today.”

“It’s very nice, after all. And very suitable for today. Moreover, I’m matching with Elena-chan.”

“So happy we match!”

Elena also had her hair neatly tied up and was wearing a white flower hair ornament.

The chain decorated with pale pink glass beads swayed with each of Elena’s movements.

“Almeria is also wearing it. Take a look later.”

“Almeria-san, too? I’m hapyp to hear that, but today is a very important day, is that really alright~?”

“We wear it because it is an important day. Well, let’s get ready.”

I was told that in Aetheria, marriages take place in front of the statues of Gods in a temple, with family and friends watching the couple sign something like a marriage certificate. The marriage then comes into existence.

Normally, the ceremony ends with the vows or a small dinner with those close to the couple.

However, this is not the case for nobles, who must hold a party to unveil the marriage.

The scale varies, but the ceremony and the reception don’t seem much different from those on Earth, do they? However, I have not had the experience of attending so many weddings, so this is just my impression.

“Heeh~ So there was a temple within the castle as well~ Isn’t it a little bit too grand?”

“”So huge~””

The temple where Wald-sama held the ceremony was located adjacent to the castle. The temple was more magnificent than the temples I have visited in other cities.

I had d always assumed there was one temple per city, but the royal capital is a big place. I wouldn’t be surprised if there were more than one.

In fact, it would be less likely to cause problems if there were separate temples for the commoners and for the nobles.

“”Here~?””

“Yeah. It is here.”

After arriving at the temple, We parted from Rebecca-san, who was going to the place of worship, and I took the children to the anteroom where the groom, Wald-sama, was waiting. The flower children are both on the bride and groom’s side.

“”Congratulations!””

As soon as we got permission to enter the room, Allen and Elena rush toward Wald-sama as if they were going to jump on him.

“Allen, Elena, slow down! You cannot push Wald-sama down! You are going to get your clothes dirtied before the ceremony!”

“”Ah, right.””

I hurried to stop them, and the children stopped a step or two away from Wald-sama.

“Just the clothes!? Why don’t you worry about me, too!?”

“I’m sure you would not get hurt by the two of them. Ah, congratulations on your big day.”

“Your nonchalance is cruel. But well, thanks.”

I thought to give him words of congratulations before I forget, but… it appears he wanted me to worry about him.

But well, it’s better than forgetting about it.

“Is that your formal attire? It suits you.”

“It’s a bit too formal for me, so I don’t like it that much.”

I have never seen a knight in formal attire before, but it was a bit more glittering with more ornaments and such.

And in his costume, Wald-sama looked somewhat more dignified than usual.

“Still, I didn’t think I wouldn’t meet Rosalie-sama until today.”

“I can’t let her be introduced to unmarried men before the wedding, ya know?”

“Eh, so there was a reason like that? I see, I never knew your desire to monopolize was this strong, Wald-sama~”

“Is that bad?”

Wald-sama must really love Rosalie-sama.

“No, not at all. I’m very convinced. Please introduce us after the ceremony.”

“Ou.”

Well, it looks like he will introduce us soon, and as for the fact that he hasn’t let us meet her until now, I’m over it.

“”Will do our best to throw flowers!””

“Ou. Work hard for me, will you? Come to think of it, the flowers were to be prepared by you guys, right?”

“”We gathered a bunch! Take a look!””

Allen and Elena were ready to show the baskets of flowers that they had with them to Wald-sama.

“Ohh, you are right. Huh, the hell is this!?”

“”… Flowers, you know?””

“I can tell that! I did not mean that, I meant the color!”

“”Uniyu?””

It seems that Wald-sama has noticed that they were not ordinary flowers.

“”It’s white, you know? Should have picked red instead?””

“That’s not it. Pistil aside, it’s strange that even the stalk is white!!”

“”Ah, he shouted~””

“He did, didn’t he~”

Wald-sama shouted when he saw the overall white flowers we had obtained in a dungeon.

Incidentally, I showed the flowers to the other members of the Ruven family first, and although they were surprised, they simply said, “So there are flowers like this, too~”

“Takumi! You did that on purpose! Did you prepare those flowers knowing I would say this!?”

“Hahaha~ Well~ Thank you very much for the reaction I expected.”

“You~~~”

“Isn’t it fine? It’s a bit different, but it’s a normal flower.”

“The fact that it is different does not make it normal!”

Wald-sama’s interjection never stop. Well, I’m the one who’s making him agitated~

“Is this no good?”

“We picked lots, you know~”

“Ugh!”

Allen and Elena look up at Wald-sama with sullen expressions.

Then, Wald-sama choked on his words. The children’s puppy eyes seemed to have hit him directly.

“”……””

The children look up at Wald-sama silently, waiting for his reply.

“I, I did not say that!”

“”Yay~!””

Perhaps he couldn’t endure it anymore, but Wald-sama easily gave his acceptance.

Whether the children’s gesture was unintentional or aimed at him, I can’t determine, but it’s a powerful technique anyway~

“”Oniichan, he said it’s fine!””

“Let’s leave it like that, then.”

We have other white flowers, so I was going to change them to regular ones if Wald-sama said absolutely not, but he gave his permission, so we are keeping the dungeon-grown flowers.

“Is it about time? Allen, Elena, do you remember what you have to do?”

“”Yeah, no worries!””

Unfortunately, there is no such thing as a rehearsal, so the children have to play their big roles on the spot. So I made sure they remember the order and what they are supposed to do.

Well, my kids are smart and have excellent memory, so I don’t have to worry about them.

“Well, I will go inside first, so you two do your best.”

“”Yea!””

From here on, we were going our separate ways. I decided to head to the place of worship where the ceremony was to take place.




Chapter 362

In the place of worship, several people who seemed to be representatives of both families and knights were already seated, so I hurriedly went to a seat near Matthias-san and Rebecca-san.

I should probably be sitting at the end of the table, but Matthias-san and the others told me that I was also a member of the Ruven family and instructed me to sit nearby.

“The groom and bride are about to enter.”

After waiting for a while, the door to the place of worship quietly opened.

When the doors opened, Allen and Elena walked in first, holding baskets of white flowers, scattering them as they walked. After them come Wald-sama and Rosalie-sama with their arms linked.

Wald-sama’s expression was more serious than I have ever seen before.

Rosalie-sama was wearing a… veil, so unfortunately I couldn’t see her face clearly, let alone her expression. However, I could clearly see from her white dress that she had a great style.

Come to think of it, there are no rules about the color of the costumes for the marriage ceremony in Aetheria. But it seems that they often wear matching colors, though.

The uniform of the Royal Knights that Wald-sama wore was white, so Rosalie-sama’s dress was also white… Thanks to that, the ceremony looked just like my image of it.

“”We done~””

“Good work.”

When Wald-sama and the others came to the front of the God statues, Allen and Elena, who had finished their work, came back to me with radiant expressions, so I thanked them in a small voice and patted them on the head.

“The groom, Grunwald Ruven. Bride, Rosalie Graciez. Ye walk together ……—“”

The Father? Pastor? No, Priest? Well, I don’t know what it’s called or what his position is, but the person in charge of the ceremony made Wald-sama and Rosalie-sama pledge, or something like that. He spoke to Wald-sama and Rosalie-sama about the something similar like the “In sickness and in health,” something like that.

“Do you swear by the Gods?”

“”I do.””

And finally, he asked this Wald-sama and Rosalie-sama.

When Wald-sama and Rosalie-sama swore—the bell of the bell tower rang with a clang, clang, clang.

“Blessed be, husband and wife!”

As the final words were spoken, a breeze blew through the closed room, and the flowers scattered along the passageway, dancing softly.

[Wha!?]

Everyone in the place of worship looked up in astonishment.

Since this was my first time attending a marriage ceremony in this world, I wondered if this is normal~……. Because you can do it with wind magic.

But from the reactions of the other people, it would definitely be different. So that means—

(… Syl-san? What are you doing?)

(S, sorry.)

I secretly called out in my mind to the person I thought was the culprit of this event. The reply came immediately. As expected, the culprit seemed to be Syl.

However, when Wald-sama looked at me with a skeptical look as if to say, “Was it you? I was completely falsely accused. I shook my head as I stared back at Wald-sama.

(But, but! It wasn’t on purpose!)

(What do you mean by that, Syl-san?)

While having a silent exchange with Wald-sama, I continued my conversation with the panicked Syl.

(Takumi-san! I beg you, stop using honorifics!)

(Please explain. Depending on that, I will have to change the way we interact in the future!)

(Fue~n.)

At any rate, I asked Syl for more details.

(Erm, let’s see… marriage ceremony is a kind of so-called ritual ceremony…)

(Yeah, so?)

(Even if it was just to help, I was so happy to see my children involved in the ritual that my… powers spilled… out~)

(……)

(I really am reflecting on this!)

… Haah~

So he got emotional or something? I’m not sure what to do with him.

“As you were both blessed by the Gods, you will have good fortune in the future.”

The Priest seemed to sum it up well, and the attendees began to calm down.

I don’t know if it was a blessing or not, but it really was the power of God and… well, it must be a good thing.

(Be careful in the future, okay?)

(… Yes.)

Syl seemed to be well remorseful, so I didn’t blame him anymore.

I don’t want to blame him any more than I have to. I think he might start crying if I continue blaming him.

“The groom and bride are leaving.”

A fully satisfied Wald-sama left the place of worship with Rosalie-sama in tow.

As they exited, Matthias-san and Rebecca-san come over and patted the children on their heads.

“Good work, both of you.”

“Allen-chan, Elena-chan, thank you for your hard work~”

“”Did we do good~?””

“Yeah, you did great. There were no problems.”

“You were wonderful~”

“”Ehehe~””

Perhaps happy to be praised, Allen and Elena smiled shyly.

“By the way, Takumi-san. I wonder if you did any tricks with the flowers the kids scattered?”

“Hahaha~ I didn’t do anything. I thought it was a stunt using wind magic that you guys decided on?”

Rebecca-san seemed to suspect that it was me who made the flowers dance.

Well, I could have done it if I wanted to.

“It wasn’t. That’s why I was very surprised.”

“”It was pretty, you know?””

“Indeed. The flowers were fluttering and dancing prettily.”

“So it wasn’t staged, it was really a blessing. That’s amazing for Wald-sama.”

“”Amaz~!””

I could have made it look like I did it, but that would have been too much of a turn-off, so I decided to just go with the direction that Wald-sama got the blessing.

“If it really was a blessing, it would not only be awesome, it would be a big deal…”

However, Matthias-san made a troubled expression.

“… Would it cause a fuss?”

“Highly likely.”

Probably the Priests belonging to the temple will make a fuss. They are Gods’ servants, after all.

Oh, do people perhaps try to stick close to people who have been given Gods’ blessings or something like that? I have read those stories!

“Let’s pretend I did use wind magic.”

I don’t want to cause a fuss and put Matthias-san and the others in a difficult situation, so in that case, I will retract my previous statement and put myself in the firing line!

Come to think of it, is it bad if they find out about me and the kids? That I am a God’s retainer, and they are a God’s children… Oh, and I have the title of Blessed! No, but my children and I are at a higher level than the norm, so it’s unlikely they will see the title column even if they check it out. So I’m not so worried about being found out.

“How about something like, I was so moved by the ceremony that I inadvertently triggered my magic…?”

That is not a lie. It was Syl who did it, though.

“In that case… but…”

“Yeah…”

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san looked troubled.

I’m not sure if this made-up story is good enough. But is there any story that could be more successfully falsified than this~…—hm? No, that’s not it? Is there a problem from the standpoint of a Guardian or something like that?

“Let’s just try to calm the situation first.”

“”!””

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san felt their eyes whiten for a moment, but nodded their heads as if determined.

“Sorry about that.”

“Thank you, Takumi-san.”

After that, we went to the Priest who was facilitating the ceremony to talk to us and forcefully explained that it was wind magic, not a blessing.

… Is this the best way to clean up?




Chapter 363

We successfully persuaded(?) them that the incident was my wind magic, we quickly moved to the reception hall.

The reception hall was a hall with a large window facing the garden right next to the temple. In the warm season, people can have a party in the garden that can be seen from the window, but unfortunately, it is cold now, so the party will be held indoors.

Wald-sama and Rosalie-sama were not yet at the venue because of costume change, but the guests have already gathered, so Velio-san and his friends were taking care of the guests. Matthias-san and Rebecca-san were in a hurry to join them there and receive congratulations from the guests.

“Wald-sama, may I come in~?”

I headed to the room where Wald-sama was, wondering was happening, and knocked on the door.

“Takumi!”

“That was close! Please don’t open the door with such force.”

The door opened with a bang immediately after I knocked, and Wald-sama, dressed in a dark gray costume, jumped out. The door opened outward, so it almost hit me.

“Rather than that, earlier, that was your doing, right? Right? Please say it was!”

“Unfortunately, it wasn’t.”

When I denied it, Wald-sama’s expression turned despairing.

“… Although I say that, we convinced everyone that it was me who used wind magic unintentionally.”

“Really!?”

“Yeah. But isn’t it nice that a God gave you a blessing? Can we really pretend it didn’t happen?”

“If God really blessed us, then I would be happy as it really is a good thing, but… the fuss that goes along with it is too much trouble.”

“……”

… Could a God’s blessing be considered a thankless act, then?

“It’s still better if they only tell you to ‘come to the temple often to pray,’ but it’s never going to work that way. They’ll say things like, ‘Since you received the blessing, you should serve God in the temple,’ and they’ll try to keep you there in any way possible.”

“Ah~ that doesn’t sound good.”

It is fine to be thankful for having received the blessing and to voluntarily become a priest, wanting to be a servant of God, but it cannot be forced.

I mean, I don’t think that God and others are thinking of taking away the freedom of those who they have given their blessings. In fact, I am allowed to live as I please, and I am spending my time freely.

But the priests who serve God seem to think differently. It’s troubling.

“I don’t mean to deny the existence of God, but I don’t want other people telling me what to do with my life.”

“No, I think that’s fine. I think God think say so, too.”

“Do you really think so…?”

“I do.”

“I see.”

When I assured him, Wald-sama’s face broke into a smile with relief.

“Speaking of which, are you ready to go to the reception hall?”

“On my part, yes. Rosalie will… take a little longer?”

Well, the men may be done with a quick change of clothes, but the women’s preparations take time, don’t they?

“Madam is ready.”

“Looks like she’s done.”

A well-timed knock on the door announces that Rosalie-sama was ready.

“Let’s go then. Takumi, you are just in time. Let’s go together.”

“Eh, is that okay?”

“Ou. She’s officially my wife now. Besides, I’m sure Rosalie would like to know what happened earlier, so you go ahead and explain it to her.”

I’m going to meet Rosalie-sama with Wald-sama since it seems that Wald-sama is finally willing to introduce me to Rosalie-sama.

“Rosalie, I’m entering.”

“Wald-sama, I am sorry to have kept you waiting.”

“Oh, you look pretty. It suits you so well.”

When Wald-sama entered the room, he saw Rosalie-sama and immediately praised her.

“”So cute~””

“Haha, yeah~”

Allen and Elena looked at Rosalie-sama and told their impressions in a hoho~n way. I thought so too, so I guess I can’t stop them from doing so.

“Wa, Wald-sama.”

“Um? Ah, this fella is Takumi. The kids are Allen and Elena. I think I told you about them before, but they are adventurers under our family’s Guardianship.”

Rosalie-sama noticed us and looked at Wald-sama in a panic, so Wald-sama introduced us.

Rosalie-sama was tall, a woman who could be described as an extraordinary beauty, and the blue mermaid dress she wore suited her style very well.

She is a woman who could be described as having a beautiful appearance, with cute gestures and facial expressions. It’s amazing that Wald-sama could find himself a woman with such a gap~

“”Huh? It’s gotten chilly~””

“!”

Suddenly, there was a feeling of cold air flowing in the room, and when the children pointed it out, Rosalie-sama gasped.

“Calm down, Rosalie.”

“Ho, however, the children…”

“It’s fine. Magic power coercion won’t work on these guys.”

Wald-sama was patting Rosalie’s back and talking to her slowly to calm her down.

Is it perhaps leaking out because she can’t control her magic power? Err… I heard the coercion from strong magic power feels overpowering, but I can’t feel anything~

“Indeed. The coercion is not a problem.——Allen, Elena. Do you feel like you are having trouble breathing, or like you are being held down?”

“”Nope~””

“Everything looks fine then. Rosalie-sama magic’s attribute is Ice, then?”

“… Y, yes.”

“I see.”

So, does this mean that this cool air is also caused by the magic power leaked from Rosalie-sama, and it is actually affecting the surrounding environment?

“”Oneechan can make the room chilly?””

“How amazing~”

“So useful in summer~”

“… Eh?”

The children treated Rosalie-sama as an aircon, which stunned Rosalie-sama.

“”Wald-sama can~””

“Warm up.”

“In the cold~”

“”Good in winter~””

And now they treated Wald-sama as a heater. Or rather, they remembered that Wald-sama’s magic aptitude is Fire?”

“Oi, you guys, what are you saying. Magic is not supposed to be used like that.”

“”Wald-sama, can’t do it~?””

“……”

The children’s questioning made Wald-sama avert his gaze.

“… So you can’t, huh.”

When I blurted out a few words, Wald-sama glared at me.

It’s just my imagination, but I have a feeling that if Wald-sama tried to warm up the room a little, he would burn it down instead.

“Fufu.”

Rosalie-sama giggles at our exchange.

Then, I couldn’t even feel the cold air anymore.

“”She laughed!””

“P, pardon me.”

“Can’t apologize!”

“Laugh a lot!”

“B, but…”

“”Going to tickle you?””

“Ehh!?”

Allen and Elena began to play with Rosalie-sama.

“Wald-sama, should I stop them?”

“N~ they seem fired up, but Rosalie seems to be having fun, so ain’t that fine?”

Since Wald-sama gave his permission, I decided to let the kids do whatever they wanted for a while.




Chapter 364

“O~i. You should stop soon.”

“”Oka~y.””

I stopped the children before Rosalie-sama, who has been tossed around so much, gets tired.

Then, after Rosalie-sama calmed down, I briefly told her how things ended up in the worship room, and Rosalie-sama looked relieved. Seeing her like that, I was reminded that blessings are still something unwelcome favor. Well, it’s not about the Gods themselves, but about the people who belong to the temple.

However, there is nothing I can do about it, so I will leave it at that.

“Oniichan, where is Oneechan’s hairpin~?”

“N?”

“Elena wants to match!”

“Oh, you want to wear the same one now?”

“Yes!”

It seems that Elena wants Rosalie-sama to wear a hairpin-style hair ornament as well.

“What? What about a hairpin?”

“We have prepared a hairpin for Rosalie-sama to celebrate.——Err, here it is.”

I took out the hairpin made for Rosalie-sama with blue artificial flower from the Infinite Storage, and showed it to Wald-sama and Rosalie-sama.

“Let’s be matching with Elena?”

Elena turned around and showed the hairpin in her hair.

“You see, Obaasama and Oneesama are wearing the same one!”

“Rebecca-san and Almeria-san are wearing the same one today. It would look good with your current outfit, would you like to use it too, Rosalie-sama?”

Rosalie-sama’s current outfit was blue, and it didn’t look like it would mismatch with the hairpin, so I recommended it to her. It’s not often that all four of them get to wear the same thing.

“Heeh~ isn’t that fine? Lemme see, I will put it in for you. Do I just insert it?”

“Yes, that’s right.”

“Is over here good? Oh, it suits you well.—Thanks, Takumi.”

“Yay~ matching~”

Wald-sama received the hairpin from me and quickly put it in Rosalie-sama’s hair.

“… Ta, Takumi-sama, t, that… thank you very much.”

“No, no, we have other congratulatory gifts, but I will give them to you later. Oh, and please don’t call me with ‘-sama’.”

“T, that’s…”

“That would probably not be possible because of your upbringing, so why don’t you go with ‘-san’ instead?”

“O, okay. T, then, you can call me, too…”

I think Rosalie-sama wants me to stop adding ‘-sama’ to her name, though she didn’t finish her sentence.

I could tell just by talking to her a little. Rosalie-sama is kindhearted and graceful woman.

I haven’t heard what the bad rumors are, but they must be untrue.

“Wald-sama, I don’t think I can call her like that, what do you think about me calling her ‘Rosalie-san’…? Can I call her like that?”

“… Why are you asking me?”

“I wouldn’t want you to be jealous.”

“… If you change the way you call me, I will allow you to call her with ‘-san’.”

“Eh!? So it came~ Even though Wald-sama feels like Wald-sama~”

“What kind of reasoning is that!?”

There is no logic. But, the only one in the Ruven family who I call with “-sama” is Wald-sama~ Should I change the way I call him? No, but I feel like I want to keep calling him “Wald-sama”. What do I do?

“N~ what should I do about this~”

“”Wald Nii?””

“Huh? So Wald-sama is not Niisama?”

I was wondering whether I should change the way I called him, but Allen and Elena seemed to change their way of calling him immediately.

Velio-san is “Velio Oniisama”, but Wald-sama is “Wald Nii”.

“”Oneechan is Rosalie Neesama.””

“… Neesama.”

“”No?””

“N, no, I’m honored! T, that, may I call you Allen-san and Elena-san then?”

“”Yeah, call~””

The children were quick to change the way they called Rosalie-sama… I mean Rosalie-san, too.

“If I’m to change the way I call you, then ‘Wald-san’ would be the safe bet, I guess?”

“You don’t have to use honorifics. Or, you can call me ‘Aniue’, too.”

“Not possible.”

“Immediate refusal!? And you declared it so easily, too!”

I answered quickly, but I see that Wald-sama prefers to be called “Aniue”, huh.

“Oh well. Anyhow, you are forbidden from calling me with ‘-sama’ the next time.”

“Eh, you are banning it?”

“Even though you treat everyone as your relatives, it’s only me whom you call in such a distant manner!”

“……”

I also thought that earlier… but in fact, Wald-sama was sulking because he felt left out?

“Haha.”

“Don’t laugh.”

“You also have a cute side, Wald Niisan.”

“…… Shuddup.”

I dared to call him “Niisan,” and Wald-sama turned his face away while swearing.

I couldn’t see his face, but maybe he was embarrassed because he was a little red behind the ears.

“Wald Niisan, look over here. Ah, let’s take a picture!”

Come to think of it, I forgot to take pictures!

I can’t take any more of Wald-san in his knight’s formal attire and Rosalie-san in her white dress, but I have to get a shot of them in their current outfits! And of course, the kids in their finest!

I quickly took out the camera from the Infinite Storage and set the magic paper.

“Oniisama, please look this way.”

“No way!”

“Fufu.”

Rosalie-san smiled happily again, seeing the exchange between me and Wald-san.

I will usually call him “Wald-san,” but when I have a request or want to make a joke, I will call him “Wald Niisan” instead.

“You really seem like real brothers.”

“”They are very close~””

“I envy you.”

“”Is fine.””

“Will get even closer.”

“With Rosalie Neesama!”

“Fufu, thank you very much.”

The children had fully opened their hearts to Rosalie-san.

“”Rosalie Neesama.””

“Let’s take~”

“A picture together~”

“Right. It seems that Wald-san needs a little more time to calm down, so let me take a picture of the three of you first.”

“”Yea!””

First, I took a picture of Allen, Elena, and Rosalie-san together.

“Yep, looks good. Hey Wlad-san, take a look at this. Didn’t it come out nicely?”

“Takumi, do you have more magic paper?”

“I have plenty on me.”

“… I will refrain from interjecting about you having plenty of something so precious. If you have surplus, then please let me buy my share off of you.”

“Roger that. Would you like a picture with the three of them together? Or would you prefer one just with Rosalie-san?”

“Both.”

I took three shots of the resurrected Wald-san. One with Rosalie-san, and one with the children, and one of me and the children with Wald-san.

In the meantime, Wald-san’s milk brother, Sylas-san, came to pick us up. It was almost time to enter the venue.

After asking Sylas to take a last picture of all five of us together, we headed to the reception hall.

“By the way, Takumi.”

“What is it?”

“Are you not going to call me ‘Niisan’ anymore?”

“… Did you like it?”

“……”

Just before we parted in front of the venue, Wald-san asked me quietly.

It appears he took liking to me calling him “Niisan”.

“I will call you like that once in a while. Well then, Wald Niisan, I wish the best of luck at socializing to you.”

“Ou. You guys be obedient.”

“Then, to answer your expectations, shall I make the flowers rain with wind magic?”

“Don’t! I beg you, be obedient!”

“Roger that. I will obey Oniisama’s instructions!”

At the last minute, Wald-san said something that sounded like we might do something, so I joked with him, and he did his best to stop me. Well, since Wald-san is the star of the show today, we will follow his instructions!




Chapter 365

Once we got into the reception hall, to say the least, we were bored.

We couldn’t get close to the Ruven family because they all seemed busy, and we couldn’t find anyone we knew.

“What do we do?”

“”N~ over there~?””

“Ah, yeah. That might be good.”

There were refreshments available in the reception hall, so I decided to grab a bite to eat with the kids there.

“”Ah!””

“What is it, Allen, Elena?”

“”Oniichan, that~””

“N?—Eh!?”

While picking snacks, Allen and Elena noticed something.

I looked in the direction they were pointing and saw Sajesh Krantz, who had professed his love for Wald-san and who, of course, had looked upon me as an enemy, as a love rival.

It was hard to imagine that he had been invited to the wedding party, but he must have blended in since admission was not restricted.

“”He’s crying~””

“… Yeah. His tears are already flowing out like waterfall~”

Sajesh was sobbing as he looked at Wald-san.

I don’t have a very good impression of this guy, but the way he cried just blew that impression out of the water, and I was stunned.

“”Going?””

“Eh? Going, you mean to Sajesh? Eh, are we really going!?”

My intention was to pretend I had not seen him and walk away, but the children were different.

They took my hand and headed in the direction of Sajesh.

“”Are you okay?””

“Y, you guys are from that time…”

“”Sad?””

“O, of course! Ugh~…”

Sajesh opened his eyes in surprise when he noticed us, but the tears continued to flow.

He had been crying while standing earlier, but he crouched down with his face down.

“”There, there.”

As Allen and Elena approached Sajesh, they patted his head in a comforting manner.

He was crouching down, so his head was in the right place~

“I, I loved him. I really did.”

“”Yeah, yeah.””

“You really liked~”

“Wald Nii, didn’t you~”

The children listened to Sajesh claim with good intentions.

“Ugh~…”

“”Cry it out~””

I had nothing to do but watch the three of them quietly.

“… Takumi-san.”

“Ah, Isaac-san, long time no see.”

Then Isaac-san, the third son of the Risner family who, like the Ruven family, looked after us, and a fellow knight colleague of Wald-san’s, called out to me with a puzzled look on his face.

“I was afraid I wouldn’t see you today because of the crowd.”

Only a few representative Knights were present at the marriage ceremony. They were all older than Wald-san, so they were probably his bosses or Senior Knights. And there were many Knights at the reception, and I was told that Isaac-san would also attend the reception. Well, I couldn’t find him before, though.

“I got in action immediately after finding him… but why! Why did you guys get in contact with Sajesh earlier than me!”

“Ah~… sorry?”

It seems that Isaac-san had found Sajesh and was acting to keep him from meeting us.

“Sajesh has not moved from the position I first saw him, so you must have contacted him on your own, correct?”

Since Sajesh is prohibited to have contact with us, it would be a problem if Sajesh approached us. So, I had to make it clear that it was us who approached him.

“And so… what kind of situation is this?”

“I don’t know!”

“Takumi-san?”

“No, I really don’t understand. The kids found Sajesh crying and said they were going to him, and they dragged me here.”

“……”

“If I had to answer the question as I saw it, I would say that the children were trying to comfort him!”

The kids were still comforting Sajesh, who was still in tears.

Isaac-san looked at them to check them out again and rubbed his brow as he let out a sigh

“… Takumi-san, you didn’t stop them?”

“There was no time to stop them. I mean, my kids would never voluntarily approach anything dangerous, so if it’s not dangerous… Well, I guess it’s fine~ I thought.”

“……”

Isaac-san rubbed his brow again.

“Sajesh, isn’t it about time you stopped crying?”

“Ugh…”

I call out to him, and Sajesh, who was squatting down and looked up at me.

Sajesh has an androgynous face. And when he looked up at me with a crying face, he looked like a small animal or something.

“That didn’t work.—Isaac-san, what should we do about him?”

“What should we do, you ask… I wonder about that.”

“Are you guys alright~?”

“Deputy Commander!”

While Isaac-san and I were wondering what to do, a Knight about the age of Matthias-san, whom we saw at the marriage ceremony, came over to us, lightly raising his hand. Apparently, he was the Deputy Commander.

“By Deputy Commander, do you mean that he is the second in command of the Knights Order after Felix-sama?”

“That’s correct. You can go with that.”

To go into more detail, Isaac-san said that there are three Deputy Commanders, and as such, the roles of the Deputy Commanders are divided into three: One who oversees the Knights of the Royal Guards, one who oversees the Dragon Knights, and one who oversees knights other than the Royal Guards and Dragon Knights.

“I am Reginald Vassar, who is in charge of the Royal Guards. We meet at last, Kayano-dono.”

If he’s in charge of the Royal Guards, then he must be Wald-san and Isaac-san’s direct boss.

“It’s an honor to meet you, Vassar-sama. As you know, I am Takumi Kayano. By all means, please call me Takumi.”

“I will call you Takumi-dono then. You can call me Reginald. And you don’t need to use honorific titles or honorifics.”

Reginald-san seemed to be a friendly person.

“As you would expect, it is impossible for me to not use honorifics, so I will call you Reginald-san.”

I should probably call him “Reginald-dono”, but since I am not used to calling people like that, I will just call him “Reginald-san” as usual.

“By the way, what do you mean by ‘we meet at last’?”

“I mean as it is. I have heard a lot about you because I am often involved with the royal family in my position. However, the opportunity to meet you in person has been difficult to come by. So today, I finally had the chance to meet you.”

“From Tristan-san and others, huh~ I bet they told you some weird things about me.”

I don’t know what they were talking about or how I am being talked about, but since Reginald-san didn’t seem to be wary of me, he doesn’t seem to have a bad impression?

“Isn’t that because you act funny?”

“Eh, that’s rude. I’m just acting normal, okay?”

“I heard that what happened earlier in the place of worship was your doing, right?”

“… Ah.”

You mean the fluttering flowers incident.

“I was so moved that my magic power just unconsciously leaked out of me. There was nothing I could do about that.”

“Takumi-san… what did you do?”

“The flowers scattered on the floor suddenly floated up and fluttered about. It was as if God had blessed the event.”

When Reginald-san explained what had just happened, Isaac-san looked at me as if to say, “What are you doing?”

“As I said, there was nothing I could do about it.”

It wasn’t me who did it, but Syl.

I really wanted to tell the truth, but I had to endure for the sake of a peaceful life. Endure.

“Well, it was a surprise, but it was a great performance. I think it’s going to catch on.”

“Hah-ha~ Well, I will practice making the flowers dance beautifully so that I can accept the requests anytime.”

“That’s good. When my daughter gets married, I will ask you to do it.”

I don’t know if he was serious or joking, but I knew that Reginald-san was an easy to get along with kind of person.




Chapter 366

“Now, enough chit-chat, let’s get to the matter at hand.”

“Matter at hand?”

“Oh, come on, it’s Sajesh Krantz. We can’t just leave him like this.”

“Oh, I nearly forgot.”

Reginald-san, like Isaac-san, seemed to have rushed over to do something about Sajesh.

“Did you come all the way here for that, Reginald-san?”

“I got a request from Grunwald. He asked me to come over to you. Normally, I would have left it in the hands of my subordinates, but I couldn’t let it ruin the big day for him.”

It seems that Wald-san also noticed Sajesh and asked Reginald-san to take over for him, since he was unable to act himself.

“So, what’s the situation, Isaac?”

“I was just checking with Takumi-san as to how this situation came about. But…”

Isaac-san, who was asked to explain about the situation, looked at the direction where the children and Sajesh were with a troubled look on his face.

“… It appears that the kids are comforting Krantz.”

“That’s right. Exactly that.”

There was no backstory, really what they saw was what we got.

“As I told Isaac-san, it was us who came to Sajesh, he did not approach us.”

“Can I ask you why you approached him yourselves?”

“Because the kids felt that they couldn’t leave him alone, I guess? I was dragged over here, too.”

“Hah? Why would they…”

Reginald-san’s face turned to a look as if to say, “I don’t understand their meaning!”

“Allen, Elena, how is Sajesh?”

“”N~?””

“The tears~”

“Won’t stop~”

While I was talking with Reginald-san, I took my eyes off Sajesh, so I checked with the children to see how he was doing, and it seemed that he had not yet stopped crying.

“I don’t know how his tears can keep pouring out. He’s going to get dehydrated at this rate~”

“Should we.”

“Bring water~?”

“Wait a moment. Let’s tell the waiter, they will bring it for you.”

Isaac-san stopped Allen and Elena from going to get water and asked the waiter for water.

“Here, drink up~”

“Take your time~”

“Th, thank you…”

“”Sure~””

The water soon arrived, and when the children receive their glass of water, they encourage Sajesh to drink.

“This is the opposite of ‘taking care of’ we all had in mind, no?”

“Hahaha~”

Reginald-san was smiling a little, looking at the children who were taking care of Sajesh, and Sajesh who was being taken care of.

“Wanna drink.”

“Some more water?”

“I, I had enough.”

“”I see~ Then~””

“Wanna eat something sweet~?”

“There is lots over there, you see~?”

After giving him water to calm down, the children suddenly ask Sajesh to go to the refreshment corner.

“Allen-kun, Elena-san, let’s go to the waiting room for a light meal instead of the refreshments.”

“”Waiting room~?””

“Yes, he cried a lot. It would be better for him to cool his eyes.”

Isaac-san casually tried to take Sajesh out of the hall.

“”What about sweets~?””

“Let’s ask them to bring them over to the waiting room.”

Allen and Elena looked at Isaac-san, then at me, and finally at Sajesh, nodding to each other as if agreeing on something.

“”Can you stand~?””

“Y, yeah.”

“”Let’s go then.””

The two of them then helped Sajesh up and walked towards the entrance of the venue, pulling him by the hand.

They must have accepted Isaac-san’s suggestion and headed for the waiting room.

“As expected of you, Isaac-san! I guess this will pull him away from this place.”

“Isaac, well done!”

“But… we haven’t solved the root of the problem, have we?”

“That’s true~ What do we do~”

Isaac-san was right, we were only able to move him away from the place, but the situation has not changed at all.

“’For now, let’s go to the waiting room. Oh, you will go with us, won’t you?”

“I can’t just leave you like this, after all.”

“Right.”

I followed Reginald-san, Isaac-san and the children to the waiting room.

Then, when Sajesh had calmed down, the interrogation finally took place.

“So you’re saying you came to take a last look?”

“.. .Yes.”

Sajesh seemed to have come for a last look with the intention of giving up his love for Wald-san once and for all after he got married. However, when he saw him, he was still overflowing with feelings of love for him. Moreover, he was confronted with the reality that his feelings could not be fulfilled because Wald-san was so happy beside his wife. As a result, he cried until a few minutes ago.

“And so, have you given up?”

“… Not completely, but I am ready to move on.”

“I see. If you’re going to leave without returning to the venue, I have nothing to say to you. What about you, Takumi-dono? If you want me to punish him, I can do that, too?”

“That won’t be necessary.”

“I see.”

It was the children who were harmed by Sajesh’s actions in the Gaya Forest. Since those children don’t care about it, I won’t ask for a punishment.

“U, umm, I’m sorry about what happened at… Gaya Forest. I know it’s not something that can be forgiven with just an apology, but let me say this. I am truly sorry.”

Sajesh apologized for the incident at the Gaya Forest.

From the expression on his face, it seemed that he was truly sorry.

“Allen, Elena, he’s apologizing… what will you do?”

“Okay~”

“We forgive~”

“Eh? You are going to forgive me? Eh?”

Leaving the decision to forgive or not to forgive to the children, they were able to accept the apology in a relaxed manner.

I guess… they didn’t care that much to begin with.

Sajesh himself, who apologized, was more confused by how easy it was.

“… That’s way too anticlimactic~”

“Is this how it’s supposed to end?”

Reginald-san and Isaac-san were whispering to each other with troubled expressions.

They seemed to be worried about whether it was okay to end things like this.

“Let’s end this now. It’s a celebration, and there’s no need to go out of our way to make things bigger.”

“That’s true. Oh, and aside from today, do you want the Sajesh Krantz’s contact ban to remain in place? Or do you want to retract it?”

We quickly put today’s matters to end, and talked about the future.

“It makes no sense if my children approach him, so I’m fine with retracting it. Oh, and just so you know, if he approaches us again with hostility, I will return the favor.”

“It’s normal not to be friendly when the other party is hostile. That’s fine.”

That being the case, I decided to abolish the prohibition of contact from Sajesh’s side.

“Right. May I introduce you to my subordinates, Takumi-dono?”

“By subordinates, do you mean the Knights?”

“Yeah, yeah. You have a lot of opportunities to meet with the Royalty, so I think it would be better to get to know them.”

Sajesh left, and we returned to the reception hall, where Reginald-san was going to introduce us to his men (The Royal Guards) who came to the wedding reception.

Of course, there were knights that we knew like Najack-sama and Claudio-sama, and there were Knights that knew me and my children one way or another, but I got to know many of them throughout the day.




Chapter 367

After yesterday’s wedding reception, the newlyweds had some time alone together, so we were to meet again this afternoon with Rosalie-san, who had married into the Ruven family. The entire Ruven family, except for Lucario-kun, who was napping, had gathered in the common room.

There were four sofas surrounding a table in the center of the room, with the couple sitting on three of them and me and the children on the remaining one, creating a family reunion with one irregularity.

“Wald-san, Rosalie-san, congratulations again.”

“”Congratulations~””

“Ou, thanks.”

“T, thank you very much.”

We already said this yesterday, but we congratulated them once again.

“Wald-san, I know it’s too early, but this is our gift to you. Please acce—”

“I don’t want it.”

“Haah!? What do you mean, Wald-san!?”

And I immediately tried to give him the congratulatory gift we had prepared, but… Wald-san immediately rejected it.

“I’m sure there’s something absolutely outrageous in there, so I’m definitely not going to accept it!”

“Ehh!?”

I thought there might be a chance that he would receive it… and then return it immediately, but no way, he refused to receive it from the very beginning.

Perhaps surprised by Wald-san’s argument, Rosalie-san, who was sitting next to him, had her eyes widened to the point of being almost as wide as they could be. On the contrary, the other members of the Ruven family, except for Wald-san that is, were in a watchful mode with happy expressions on their faces, as if Wald-san’s statement was as expected.

“You can’t say that~ Wald Niisan, you must accept it~”

“I won’t accept even if you call me brother here!”

“Then, I won’t call you like that anymore. I will revert to calling you Wald-sama!”

“Eh?”

When I declare that I will revert to the way I called him before, which took a lot to change, Wald-san made a surprised expression.

“My, oh my!”

“Oh dear!”

“Fufu.”

Rebecca-san, Almeria-san, Rosalie-san who saw the exchange between me and Wald-san laughed in amusement.

“You two are such good friends~ Looking at you, you guys are like real brothers.”

“Truly.”

“Wald had a hard time being honest since he was a little kid, and he could be stubborn like that once in a while.”

“Oh yes, he was.”

“Oh my, isn’t he stubborn from time to time, even now?”

“……”

When Matthias-san agreed with Rebecca-sam’s words, Velio-san brought up the story about Wald-san when he was little. Then, Wald-san, perhaps embarrassed, covered his face with his hands and looked down.

“”His ears are so red~””

“Allen, Elena, you cannot point that out.”

“”Can’t~?”

“That’s right. Not saying anything there was the correct move.”

“”Alright~””

“Takumi, shuddup!”

“Eh, me!?”

Wald-san was unreasonably angry with me.

“By the way, Takumi-san, may I ask what you have prepared for the celebratory gift?”

“Of course.”

Rebecca-san brought the conversation back on track, and we returned to the celebratory gift we prepared.

“U, umm… you already gave me a very nice hair ornament, didn’t you?”

Although Wald-san still refused to accept my offer, I decided to take advantage of the opportunity to present our gift. But I was cut off by the reserved Rosalie-san’s remark.

“That’s a lovely one, isn’t it? Let’s wear it together again.”

“Y, yes. Gladly.”

“Oh my, Mother-in-law, please let me join in at that time.”

“Elena, too~”

“Fufu, of course.”

The relationship between mother-in-law and daughters-in-law in the Ruven family seems to be good.

“The hair ornament was just one of the gifts. There are others… First of all, there’s this one. It’s an accessory to yesterday’s hair ornament.”

The hairpin-like hair ornament was given yesterday, but the replacement ornament in a different color had not yet been given, so I first took it out of the Infinite Storage.

I was finally able to take out the first item~

“Oh my? This is a part of the hairpin, isn’t it?”

“Yes it is. That hairpin has replaceable parts.”

“Eh, is that so?”

“I can see the different colors of the stones. I guess you could change it according to your mood on the day. Takumi-san, you have created something amazing again, didn’t you~”

“Yes, I never heard of such idea before.”

Rebecca-san and Almeria-san raved about it.

“I wonder about that? I just made a suggestion, since Elena was having trouble choosing a color. As Rebecca-san said, you can use whatever color you want depending on your mood.”

“Even so, usually the hair ornament in its entirety gets changed.”

“… Well, that’s true.”

If you are a noble with a lot of money, you can probably own a number of hair ornaments. Normally, they wouldn’t think of replacing parts to reuse one thing all over again~ Well, but it could become popular among the nobility and commoners with limited financial resources.

“Then, the next items.”

Before I could be stopped, I took out the items one after another.

Next were a necklace and earrings made to match the hair ornament, a crystal blue bird obtained from the Dungeon of Colors, and a yellow butterfly flower.

“These are for Rosalie-san. And this is for Wald-san.”

“Paper?”

I handed a piece of paper to Wald-san. On it was an inventory.

Orc King, Orc General, Armored Buffalo, Bloody Wolf, Evil Viper, Kraken, Worm, and so on. It listed the types of monsters, and said that he can have the meat of those monsters whenever he wants. Basically, I wrote down what I would call high quality, but I also mixed in some that were in bad stock, like worms.

Well, the problem is that this can only be given to them when we are staying at the Ruven residence.

“!!”

Wald-san gasped in surprise when he saw what is written on it.

“Wald, what is written on it?”

Wald-san asked by Velio-san, silently handed the inventory to him.

Velio-san tilted his head curiously and checked the inventory with Almeria-san.

“Haha!”

Velio-san let out a laugh and handed the inventory to Matthias-san and Rebecca-san.

“Oh my.”

“Fufu.”

Matthias-san and Rebecca-san laughed merrily, and the inventory was handed to Rosalie-san.

“… Eh? Wald-sama, this is not a joke?”

“That’s right. It seems like a joke, doesn’t it? But, Rosalie, in the case of these guys, it can’t be a joke.”

“Eh, then, they really can arrange for these things?”

“Rather that arrange for them…”

Wald-san glanced at us while muddying his words.

“We have~”

“Them all~”

I told Allen and Elena that I was going to give meat to Wald-san, so of course they know the contents of the inventory. So they got what Wald-san was implying and happily affirmed it.

Children don’t like to sell meat, but they don’t mind giving it away at all~

“I can give you any of them right away, so don’t hesitate to tell me if there is something you would like to eat. Oh, how about a quick dinner tonight?”

“Allen thinks that Orc King would be a good choice!”

“Elena would like Evil Viper!”

“……”

Rosalie-san froze in surprise at our remarks.




Chapter 368

“O, oi, Rosalie, are you okay?”

“Y, yes…”

“Really? Are you not feeling sick or something?”

“I am fine.”

Wald-san called out to Rosalie-san, who had become absentminded, and looked to see how she was feeling.

“Takumi, Rosalie still can’t tolerate your eccentricities, so you should be a little more careful.”

“Calling them eccentricities is rude~”

“”Eccentiwhat?””

“It means weird behavior. We didn’t do anything like that, did we?”

“”Didn’t!”

“Wald Nii~”

“So rude~”

At first, Allen and Elena were puzzled, not understanding the meaning of what was said, but when they understood the meaning, they puffed out their cheeks and protested to Wald-san.

“Won’t give.”

“Any dragon meat.”

“To Wald Niimon!”

And so they declared to Wald-san.

“Dragon meat!? You’ve given up on the wyvern, haven’t you!?”

“”Haven’t given up!””

“Takumi!!”

“They are just saying it. I don’t have any plans on accepting the Wyvern request. But that doesn’t mean we have given up on dragon meat either.”

“Oi!”

Sooner or later! Is certainly what I am thinking.

“But, when that happens, what to do~…”

“Oh my, what is the matter, Takumi-san?”

“You know, we still have other family members in our group, right? I was wondering how I should introduce them to Rosalie-san.”

I should probably introduce Joule and the others, but I’m hesitating because I don’t know what Rosalie-san’s tolerance level is.

“””””Ah~…”””””

Everyone in the Ruven family, except Rosalie-san, understood exactly what I was talking about. They looked at each other and wondered what we should do.

“… Rather than keeping quiet and suddenly bumping into them, isn’t it better to let her prepare her mind before introducing them?”

“Right~ I have told those kids that they are free to do as they please as long as they are on our property. I don’t want to restrict them now.”

“Then, let’s tell her now.”

In the end, we decided to tell Rosalie-san about Joule and the others.

“Rosalie, listen to me carefully.”

“Y, yes!”

Seeing Wald-san with a serious expression on his face, Rosalie-san straightened her back and also listened with serious expression on her face.

“Takumi is truly outrageous person.”

“Wald-san, you are being rude.”

“Shuddup, Takumi! I’m only telling the truth. You be quiet for a moment and listen!”

“……”

I was about to speak up when Wald-san started to speak out of turn, but he was so blunt that I decided to just shut up and listen.

“Listen, Rosalie, Takumi has familiars.”

“Is Takumi-san a Tamer, then?”

“Technically, they are Contracted Beasts that I contracted using Dark magic, so I am a little different from your standard Tamers, but we are the same in that use familiars.”

“So you are not saying that I should be careful because they could be in our garden, or something, right?”

“Yeah, it’s unlikely that his familiars will wander around here when Takumi isn’t around. It’s the species of his familiars that’s the problem.”

“… They must be of incredible species, then.”

“Yeah, to put it bluntly, they are terrific.”

Rosalie-san closed her eyes to meditate, and when she opened her eyes, she looked as if she had made up her mind.

“Wald-sama, go ahead. Please, speak.”

“Fenrir, Celestial Tiger, Scarlet King Leo, Thunderhawk.”

“……”

Rosalie-san froze again.

“Rosalie! Rosalie, are you okay?”

“Y, yes. Somehow…”

Rosalie-san managed to come to her senses as Wald-san shook her body.

“I am amazed. They are all incredible species, aren’t they?”

“Right? If you had one of them, you’d get a lot of attention, but he’s got four of them.”

“There’s a Forest Rat, toomon!”

“Pastel Rabbits as wellmon!”

It seems that the children did not like the fact that Wald-san spoke only about the four species that were A and S-rank.

“They are not the terrific kind, but the cute kind, right? It’s not like I forgot about them.”

“”They are all cutemon!””

“… O, ou.”

Wald-san was at a loss for a response to the six-year-old’s assertion that a species that frightens even adults are cute.

“”Oniichan, they are cute, right!?””

“Of course. Everyone is adorable and reliable.”

The children are right, my Contracted Beasts are all cute kids.

“Well, Rosalie-san, what do you think? Are you sure you are okay with me showing you my kids?”

“Yes, I’m fine. You can go ahead, Takumi-san.”

Since Rosalie-san said it was okay, I called Joule and the others, so that they could remember her.

(Oh! Is that person Wald-sama’s bride?)

(Oh my, so you are introducing us to her as well!)

(That is great.)

(Ohh~ what a pretty person~)

(They make a great match!)

Joule and the others noticed Rosalie-san’s presence and looked at her with great interest.

“Rosalie-san, this is Fenrir Joule, Celestial Tiger Feat, Thunderhawk Bolt, Scarlet King Leo Vector, and Forest Rat Mile.”

“Oh my! How cute!”

“Then, the five Pastel Rabbits, Shiro, Pipi, Cha Cha, Reamu and Mimi.”

“Fufu, how fluffy.”

I handed Shiro to Rosalie-san, and she hugged her as if spellbound.

“Takumi, I have a favor.”

Seeing Rosalie-san in such a state, Wald-san spoke to me with a more serious expression than ever before.

“If you want to capture Pastel Rabbits, Allen and Elena would be better suited for the job.”

I had a vague idea of what he was asking, so I told him that he was asking the wrong person before he could state his request.

“”Want one~?””

“Please.”

“”Can’t be helped~””

Their faces were full of motivation with smiles on their face, though their little mouths were saying it with a sense of disapproval.

It appears that going to the forest to look for Pastel Rabbits in the near future has been decided on.

“”What color would you like~?””

“Color? Wouldn’t it be more difficult to find one based on a color?”

“Just in case?”

“Any wish?”

“Oh, if that’s the case, I think I’ll go with… blue. That color looks best on Rosalie.”

“”Roger that!””

Just in case… they said, but I’m sure Allen and Elena will manage to find a Pastel Rabbit in blue.

“Rather, are fine with just one?”

Before I knew it, Rosalie-san was eagerly playing with not only Shiro, but also the other five Pastel Rabbits.

Since she seemed to like fluffy things, one rabbit didn’t seem to be enough.

“… I didn’t know Rosalie liked fluffy animals~”

… It appears that Wald-san wasn’t aware of her love of fluffy animals.

“If you can capture them, I’d like to have some more. Oh, and just so you know, I’ll pay you well for the request fee.”

“This can also be considered wedding gift, so I decline the request. But just so you know, I cannot make any guarantees.”

“I am aware of that.”

After that, everyone watched Rosalie-san who was crazy about fluffing for a while.

But then an incident occurred.

(I’m also worth petting!)

Perhaps jealous of the adored Pastel Rabbit, Vector suddenly turned around on the sofa and walked up to Rosalie, and for some reason, his body grew bigger.




Chapter 369

“Vector!”

(N?… Ah~!)

When I hurriedly called his name to warn him, Vector showed a panicked look, as if he hadn’t noticed that he was growing in size.

“”””””!””””””

Although smaller than his original size because it was indoors… everyone in the Ruven family, who only knew Vector the size of a large dog, was startled and froze. One wrong move and panic could ensue~

(Ah~ Vector did it now~)

(He’s getting scolded later.)

(There’s nothing we can do to cover for him.)

(Geez~!)

Joule, Feat, Bolt, and Mile stared at Vector in dismay.

“Oh my! Incredible!”

However, Rosalie-san suddenly stood up and, no hesitation, hugged Vector.

“… Eh?”

(Ohh?)

I choked on my words at this unexpected turn of events.

Vector that was hugged was also startled, and his gaze wandered around.

(Ohh! Wald-sama’s bride is one amazing person.)

(Indeed. It’s not every day that someone is able to embrace Vector after seeing him for the first time.)

(Amazing. Very big guts.)

(I admire her!)

Joule and the others, who were impressed with Rosalie-san, were praising her.

“Fufu, it feels very nice.”

(Right! Since Niichan shampoos my fur, it’s pretty fluffy, isn’t it?)

“Yes. It also smells very good.”

(Riiight!)

Perhaps because he was so happy to be praised, Vector quickly calmed down and became friendly with Rosalie-san… Rosalie-san was a surprisingly gutsy person~

“Takumi! Explain what is going on!”

Then, Wald-san came to his senses and shouted at me to explain.

“Err… not only Vector, but also Joule and Feat… they are just reducing their size, as they are actually fully grown-up~”

“I never heard about this!”

“Well~ I thought it would be more peaceful if you thought they were pups~… so I left the misunderstanding as it was.”

“Tell us! Isn’t this important stuff!?”

“Indeed. I am regretting it very much right now.”

I really do. I really wish I had just said it before. If I had, I wouldn’t have shocked everyone.

“Then, Joule-chan and Feat-chan can also get bigger?”

(That’s right, Mama. Wanna see?)

“Yes, I would like to see it.”

(Alright.)

(Then, me as well.)

Joule and Feat, who were being held by Allen and Elena, quickly returned to their larger forms as soon as they landed on the ground.

(… What do you think, Mama?)

(… Aren’t you scared?)

“My! My, oh my!”

Joule Feat looked a little worried, seemingly worried that everyone will be scared by their appearance.

“I am not scared at all. You are very adorable!”

But instead of being scared, Rebecca-san happily walked up to Joule and Feat and hugged them as hard as she could.

“Yeah. We know that you guys are good kids. We won’t be scared just because your bodies are bigger.”

Matthias-san also walked up to Joule and Feat and patted their heads.

“Father, Mother, please let me pet them, too.”

“I would like to as well.”

Velio-san and Almeria-san also moved closer to the two animals to pet them.

“Vector, you are going to crush Rosalie.”

(Wald-sama, it’s okay! I am very careful!)

Wald-san also went to Rosalie-san’s side and patted Vector.

Let’s see… it seems that all of them accepted it easily.

“”Everyone gets along~!””

“Yeah, that’s right. They do.”

I don’t know if it’s okay for me to say this, but… I wonder if it’s safe to accept them so easily.

But well, I’m glad it all worked out~

“Takumi, you do not have any other secrets, do you?”

“… Eh?”

For a while, Joule’s group and the Ruven family continued to interact with each other, but suddenly, Wald-san threw a word of confirmation to me. I reacted to that with all my might.

“… Oi?”

“Hahaha~”

Because of the way I reacted, Wald-san looked at me with suspicion.

As expected, I can’t say that I’m from a different world, and that I’m also a God’s retainer, and that my children are also God’s children… so I laughed and covered it up.

“Oh my, Takumi-san, you are still hiding something?”

“Are you not going to tell us about it?”

“Not just yet…”

Rebecca-san and Matthias-san were clearly amused.

“Not now? Does that mean you will tell us when the time is ripe?”

“Yes, I think so… someday.”

I don’t know when that time will be, but… I hope one day, I can tell everyone~

“You!”

“Hah!”

Wald-san came up to me and rustled my hair roughly.

“I’m not going to let you go through it alone, whatever it may be, so make sure to let us know properly. We think of you as family, so you guys should consider us your family as well.”

“……”

Wald-san’s words made me cry involuntarily.

I tried my best to fit in with the world of Aetherdia. Well, there are many things that I’ve opened myself up to, but….

However, from the point of view of Wald-san and his family, there must be things that are obviously unnatural. I am very glad that they consider us family, even if that is the case.

“… Wald Niisan.”

“What?”

“I have been thinking, and I really want to splurge more on your celebration. Is there anything you would like?”

“I don’t need anything more!”

“No way. Please say that you want something.”

Anyway, now I want to give something back!

So, for starters, I decided to increase Wald-san’s wedding gift.

“”Do you want us to get Dragon meat~?””

“No, I don’t!”

“……”

“Takumi, don’t look so troubled about this!”

As I was thinking about whether I should go dragon hunting like the children said, I was stopped by Wald-sama with great vigor.

“”Then, sparkly stuff?””

“Gems? We don’t have many kinds of gems, do we~”

The only gems we have are… pearls, crystals, and ruby gemstones? No, there was also onyx and tortoiseshell that we got from a dungeon. Oh, I remember there were some gems on the collars for Contracted beasts that Syl gave me!

“Hiking in the mountains?”

“Searching a dungeon?”

“I told you, you don’t have to go anywhere! I mean, why are you trying to find it anyway? Normally, you would go to the store to buy it!”

“”Ah, I see! Then, wanna go buy it?””

“I told you, you don’t have to go! Ri, right, that’s it! Pastel Rabbit! You’re going to go find Pastel Rabbit for us, aren’t you? That’s enough!”

Wald-san was desperately trying to stop the kids.

At first, it was me against him, but before I know it, it’s the kids against him~ That’s so strange.

“Allen, Elena, let’s go look for the Pastel Rabbits for now. We will see what else we can find. How about we leave the things we find in Wald-san’s room?”

“”Let’s do that~””

“Oi!?”

Everyone giggled at the exchange between me, the children, and Wald-san and said, “You really are like brothers.”




Chapter 370

“”Let’s search~!””

(((((Oh~!)))))

The day after the Ruven family get-together, we came to the forest to capture Pastel rabbits for Rosalie-san. Knowing that we were planning to stay in the Capital until the new year, Wald-san said that we could go looking for them when it was warmer, but the overly-excited children didn’t want to wait. So we went out early the next day.

Well, I don’t think the kids would be able to wait until after the new year to go out and play, or to take requests.

“Now then, which way do we go?”

“”That way~!””

The direction to go is, as always, the direction Allen and Elena want to go.

“Speaking of which, are you looking for blue Pastel Rabbit?”

“Silver and.”

“Red would be nice.”

“Silver and red?”

“For Wald Nii and.”

“Rosalie Neesama.”

“Ah, you are talking about the two’s hair color.”

“”Yeah!””

Silver and red Pastel Rabbits, huh~ It would certainly feel like Pastel Rabbits picked especially for those two with those colors…… Is there such a thing as a silver-colored Oastel Rabbit, though?

“”Ah, will look for blue, too~””

“N? So you are bringing back three Pastel Rabbits for Wald-san and Rosalie-san?”

“”Yeah!””

Well, keeping Pastel Rabbits doesn’t take much effort, and they don’t require much money for food, so three rabbits should be no problem.

“I hope we find them.”

“”We will!””

“… Haha, that’s right~”

The children’s enthusiasm was truly amazing. I felt overwhelmed.

(Hey, hey, are you going to pick herbs today, too?)

“”We are~””

(Oh my, you two are such hard workers~)

Although they have not been asked to do so, the children seem to be planning to collect medicinal herbs as well.

(Niichan, Niichan, will there be any of those? Mushrooms buried in the snow.)

“Oh, you mean Snowbelow mushrooms? I don’t think there are any around here, because they only grow where the snow is deep enough.”

Since there is only a thin layer of snow around here, we would have to go further into the mountains to find Snowbelow mushrooms.

(Ehh~ Allen, Elena, let’s go deeper into the mountains. Remember, we found lots of Pastel Rabbits in a cave before, so we may find a lot of Pastel Rabbits there again~)

Maybe because he found Snowbelow mushrooms delicious, Vector seemed to be eager to go and pick them.

“”N~?””

(I don’t want to sell them too much, but if we pick a lot of them, we can use them to complete requests and stuff, right? Niichan said they are rare mushrooms!)

“”Sell them~?””

(We will pick a lot and sell only a little.)

It is not often that Vector, who usually hates to sell food, proposes to sell them.

Is he so eager to go pick Snowbelow mushrooms that he proposed to sell them?

(Niichan, those mushrooms can be sold, right?)

“Well, they will sell, and there will definitely be requests for them.”

As I recall, there seems to be a request every year for Snowbelow mushrooms, but not many people are able to accomplish it. They’re hard to find mushrooms. The Guild would definitely appreciate it if we fullfiled the request.

“”N~””

(Look, didn’t you two want to raise your ranks?)

Vector was trying very hard to persuade Allen and Elena. It really was a rare sight.

(Hey~ Allen, Elena, please~)

“”Hm~m.””

(Right, right, let’s bring it as a present for Wald-sama’s bride!)

“”Ohh! Let’s go get them!””

(Yay~)

When Vector brought up Rosalie-san, Allen and Elena, who seemed reluctant, immediately changed their opinions, and Vector’s wishes were granted.

So we decided to head for the top of the mountain, where there was a lot of snow.

“”A little more?””

“Yes, I think a little deeper would be better.”

As we climbed the mountain, the snow gradually got deeper and deeper, and as expected, the children found it hard to walk, so I put them on the back of Feat who turned bigger.

“”So much snow~””

“Yeah. I wonder if this is deep enough, I think there might be Snowbelows around here.”

Then we stopped climbing at a depth roughly below my knees.

(I will look for them!)

Vector immediately smelled the area and started looking for the Snowbelow mushrooms.

(Here~!)

Then, he immediately seemed to have found something. Well, it’s probably a Snowbelow.

He plunged head first into the snow, and dug into the snow vigorously.

(Found it~!)

It seems that he has successfully found the first Snowbelow.

“Oh, that’s quite an acceptable size.”

Vector found a Snowbelow mushroom about 10 centimeters in diameter.

The more snow that accumulates on top of the Snowbelow, the bigger and tastier it becomes. At this size, I’d say it’s about… the bottom of the average tier.

(A little smaller than the ones we picked last year?)

“Well… I guess so. But, it will still taste good.”

The average size of the Snowbelow mushrooms we picked last year was 14 to 15 centimeters. The largest was 18 centimeters, I think. Compared to that, this one was certainly smaller. But, well, they taste good even at this size.

(Muu~… Niichan! Let’s go higher!)

Joule didn’t say that to agitate the Vector, but he apparently didn’t like that it was smaller than last year’s.

“The ones found around here are good enough.”

(No way! I want to find a bigger one!)

“……”

Vector was now completely on fire.

“I’m going to have a hard time climbing higher than this.”

(Then, you guys stay around here! I’m going higher!)

“……”

I tried to tell him that it would be tough to climb higher even for him, but the Vector showed no sign of stopping.

“Ah~ right… Bolt, Mile, can you guys go with Vector?”

(Yes, leave him to us!)

(Alright! We will look after him!)

Vector is rather often left alone and free, but somehow I felt it was dangerous today, so I decided to attach Bolt and Mile as his guardians. Both Bolt and Mile seemed to have read my intention, and gladly accepted my request.

“Vector, you must stay close to Bolt and Mile.”

(Got it!—Mile, quickly get on!)

(Gee~ Calm down a little, Vector!)

I gave my permission, and Vector hurriedly picked Mile up on his back and ran toward the summit.

(Then, Aniue, I’m off as well.)

“Ah, this, take this!”

As Bolt rushed to chase after the two animals, I hurriedly handed Bolt a magic bag.

(Will they be okay?)

(I hope he doesn’t do something anything foolish like melting all the snow on the mountain…)

“… Eh?”

The three of them quickly disappeared from sight, and I shuddered at the words muttered by Feat.

“Bolt, Mile, it’s up to you.”

As that was something I could see happening, I prayed to Bolt and Mile to return safely.

I prayed for them to come back safe and sound, without causing any disasters!




Chapter 371

(Oniichan, do you want us to collect the Snowbelows around here?)

“No, let’s leave Snowbelows to Vector’s group. We should look for the Pastel Rabbits. That’s our original objective anyways.”

(That’s true. I’m sure they will bring back a lot.)

So, we decided to look for the Pastel Rabbits as originally planned, but—

“”Ah! There!””

“There? A Pastel Rabbit?”

“”Yea!””

Soon, Allen and Elena seemed to have found a Pastel Rabbit, and dove into the bushes.

(Now then, what color would the Pastel Rabbit be~?)

(Since it’s Allen-chan and Elena-chan, wouldn’t it be red or blue?)

“Yeah. And I have a feeling they wouldn’t bring just one or two, but a whole bunch of them~”

I was with Joule and Feat, predicting the colors and number of Pastel Rabbits that the children would bring back.

“”Oniichan, there were many~””

Sure enough, Allen and Elena returned with multiple Pastel Rabbits in their arms.

“Six of them?”

(Erm, the ones Allen is holding are red, blue, and pink.)

(Elena-chan’s are purple, yellow, and green.)

I don’t know whether silver-colored Pastel Rabbits exist, so I can say that we almost achieved our objective.

“I wish I could say this was enough, but…”

“”Is not~!””

“Will look for.”

“Silver child, too~”

“I thought so.”

I didn’t think Allen and Elena would be satisfied with this, so the search for the Pastel Rabbits resumed.

“We will be stopping only for one night, whether we find the silver Pastel Rabbit or not. We are returning to the city tomorrow. Alright?”

“”Alright~””

For now, I’ll just set a firm deadline.

“Then, let’s put those kids into a basket.”

“”Okay!””

I took out a large basket from the Infinite Storage and Allen and Elena put the Pastel Rabbits into it with familiar actions.

“It just bugs my mind every time I see them not trying to escape~”

(Yeah, I also find it strange.)

(I would love to hear from them what they judge as dangerous~)

Joule and Feat put their faces close to the basket, but the Pastel Rabbits were taking it easy.

Both of them are fierce beasts in terms of their species, though~ It is a mystery.

“Well, we won’t understand the cause even if we think about it, so let’s not worry about it and move on to the next thing.”

(That’s true, let’s do that~)

(Allen-chan, Elena-chan, which way do you think we should go next?)

“”That way~””

We stopped thinking deeply about it, and moved again in the direction indicated by the children.

“”Ah!””

After walking for a while, the kids found something again and dove into the bushes.

(Oh? Are they in?)

(I hope it’s a silver Pastel Rabbit, but I wonder~)

“I hope they will compromise on white or gray~”

(Isn’t that impossible?)

(I don’t think that’s possible?)

“……”

Joule and Feat wouldn’t give me a bit of hope.

“”Oniichan, look, look~””

“What is it? Is it a silver Pastel Rabbit?”

“”There was no~ne. But, look!””

Allen and Elena came back with a happy look on their faces, and I thought they had found the Pastel Rabbit they were looking for, but it seems that I was wrong.

“We found a.”

“Birdy, too~”

“Eh? Birdy?”

“”Birdy~””

“Nn?”

The reason they were so happy was because they apparently found a birdy… a bird?

It was about the size of a baseball. Allen was holding a fluffy, white, round thing that he could hold in one of his palms, but it didn’t look like a bird to me at all.

(Pii.)

“Ah, it chirps.”

It must have been the back side that I was looking at earlier. The white fluffy thing moved, and I saw round and cute black eyes and a small beak.

“It really is a bird. But, it’s not a monster, right?”

It must be just a normal bird, because I didn’t feel any magic power.

I held out my hand, palm up, and the bird climbed into my palm without caution.

Still, what a tiny bird~ Way smaller than the Battle Eagle chicks I had met before.

“Err… eh!? Aurora Bird!? Really!?”

I didn’t know what kind of bird it was, so I immediately looked it up with Appraisal, and found out that it was a type of bird called the Aurora Bird.

Aurora Bird was a very rare bird whose white fur was said to glow like an aurora borealis when exposed to moonlight. Moreover, although small, it appeared to be an adult bird, not a baby bird.

“Where was it!?”

“Together with the~”

“Pastel Rabbits~”

“Wwahat!? Er, you didn’t bring the Pastel Rabbit with you this time?”

The children who came back were not carrying Pastel Rabbit, though? Huh? But… I think the kids said earlier that they “found” a bird “too”!

(Oniichan, Oniichan.)

“What is it, Joule?”

(There are many at your feet~)

“… Eh?”

Joule pointed out to me, and when I looked at my feet, I saw Pastel Rabbits relaxing there!

“Uwah! Since when!? Just how many are there?”

(Niisama, If I’m not mistaken, there are seven of them.)

Seven… then, that makes a total of thirteen.

“”Nniyu?””

“What is it, Allen, Elena?”

“”Aren’t two missing?””

“Eh, there’s more?”

“”There were nine~ Wait a moment!””

Allen and Elena rushed back behind the bushes.

There were apparently nine Pastel Rabbits in the bushes, bringing the total to fifteen.

“”There they are~””

Soon the children returned with one Pastel Rabbit each.

“Erm… do these kids don’t want to go with us?”

“That’s not true~”

“They are just napping~”

“……”

They were sleeping carefreely. I don’t know where the Pastel Rabbit’s peculiar alertness went…

“It’s fine to bring them with us, then?”

“”Yeah.””

“We will look.”

“For kindhearted.”

“”Owners~””

Whether or not we find kindhearted owners depends on luck, to say the least.

“So, what about this Aurora Bird?”

“A silver child wasn’t there.”

“Will replace for Birdy.”

“… Is that so?”

It appears that they were going to give up the silver Pastel Rabbit and take the Aurora Bird as a present for Wald-san and Rosalie-san instead.

Seeing that the Aurora Bird was not running away, they must have thought it would be nice to bring back to be kept as a pet.

“”Will they be happy~?”

“I wonder? I think Rosalie-san will be delighted.”

I have a feeling Wald-san will be very angry with us, though!




Chapter 372

We found what we were looking for and could have returned to town, but the kids wanted to stay out. So we met up with Vector and others first.

(Niichan! I picked a lot of mushrooms!)

Vector was in a good mood after collecting plenty of Snowbelows, but Bolt and Mile looked a little tired.

“Bolt, Mile, are you okay?”

(Yes, I’m fine. I’m just tired a little.)

(It’s because of Vector’s absurd stamina!)

They seemed to have been swept up in a lot of things.

“I’m sorry I had to leave you two in charge.”

(Don’t apologize! I’m happy to be of service!)

(Yes, that’s right! I don’t want your apologies, I want your praise!)

“That’s true. Thanks for all your hard work on Bolt, Mile.”

Oh, that’s not a “praise”, it’s a “thank you.”

I’ll just pet them a lot for now.

(What, what~? Don’t just pat Bolt and Mile, I want pats, too~)

While I was petting Bolt and Mile, Vector joined in the petting like a happy camaraderie.

All of my children have a rather large amount of physical strength, but Vector’s seem to be inexhaustible.

“It’s still a bit early, but let’s find a place to put the house down and hang out indoors today.”

That being the case, I decided to find a nice place to put down the house in my Infinite Storage and hang out indoors.

Then, after dark, we started preparing dinner.

“What do we cook for dinner~?”

(Niichan, Niichan, since we are here, let’s eat Snowbelows!)

“That’s not a bad idea. Is everyone else fine with that?”

“”((((Yes!))))””

Vector’s suggestion to cook Snowbelows for dinner has been approved by others, but—

“Mushrooms dishes, mushroom dishes…”

I couldn’t think of any mushroom dishes right away.

Let’s see, I’m pretty sure I made… a hot pot before. So I would like to make something different this time.

Ah! How about tempura with cooked rice? Rice with a mixture of several kinds of mushrooms, and tempura would be… Snowbelows, shrimp, some kind of white fish since we don’t have any sillago, sweet potato, ishiuri (pumpkin)… Oh, I found eggplants, so that would be good, too. I would love to have some chikuwa (fish cakes), but I have none, so I’ll give that up for now.

Squid would also be nice. Let’s splurge today and go with Kraken. Is this enough for variety? But it would be troubling if this wasn’t enough food, so I better make some chicken and pork ribs too, and eat them if there is not enough. If we have enough, I can make a Donburi the next day.

And then, we can have Miso soup with vegetables.

“Alright!”

“”Decided~?””

“Yup, I have decided~”

“”What will it be~?””

“Mushroom rice and tempura.”

“”Love both!””

“I see, that’s good to hear. But, today’s tempura is going to be much more extravagant than before~”

“”Looking forward to it!””

I have made various kinds of seasoned rice with different ingredients before, but the tempura was only vegetables at that time because I made it at Oswald-san’s place, who is a vegetarian Elf. Today I will fry up plenty of seafood.

“Put the mushrooms in here.”

“”Can we put in lots~?””

“That’s fine, but… with moderation, please.”

I don’t know how much they mean by “lots,” but I was afraid that if I said yes, they would put a tremendous amount of mushrooms in the rice cooker, so I was hesitant to answer. But, well, they would never put so much it would fall out of the rice cooker.

“”Wash rice next~?””

“Yes, please.”

The children put in the mushrooms in and operated the magic tool as if they were familiar with it.

Oh, the amount of mushrooms was within the acceptable range!

“”Next is~?””

“Think about the ingredients for miso soup~”

“”Umm…””

While the kids were worrying about that, I will make a simple spinach—Ena grass dish, with bonito flakes and shoyu.

“”Oniichan, we want potatoes~””

“Roger that. I will be making sweet potato tempura, so let’s use Maro instead.”

“”Yeah!””

While preparing the ingredients for tempura, I also made miso soup.

“I’m going to fry them now, so you two stay further away from me~”

“”Okay~””

The batter of tempura is quite adequate, so as expected, it remained crispy and dry even after a while after frying…. However, storing the freshly fried tempura in the Infinity Storage will always keep it hot and crispy!

“”Is done~?””

“It’s done~ let’s eat.”

“”Yea!””

I served the rice and other food on the plates, and we started eating.

“”It’s crispy!””

(Truly. It’s delightful!)

(The seafood is juicy.)

(The ishiuri and sweet potatoes are soft and crispy.)

(Snowbelows! They are as yummy as I thought!)

(All the hard work paid off!)

Everyone seemed to like it.

However, I don’t think there are many dishes my kids don’t like… Oh, maybe the tasteless salad served at the inn?

It’s good that they don’t have likes and dislikes, but it’s rare to have kids who only dislike so few foods~

“Are there any foods that you two don’t like?”

“”Uniyu?… Alcohol?””

“Alcohol!? Don’t worry, I won’t let you drink that, even if you say you like it. Anything else?”

“That! Bitter tea!”

“And not sweet Kahee!”

“Ahh… well, of course you don’t like that.”

It’s no wonder that children don’t like green tea or black coffee, not to mention alcohol. Rather, they are all drinks!

“Then, are you saying you don’t like bitter foods?”

“”Don’t like bitter~””

Come to think of it, have we ever come across a bitter vegetable? Like bell peppers, the typical vegetable that kids don’t like, I haven’t seen bitter melon either. I wonder how they would react if I tried to feed them things like bitter melon? Well, I have to find it first before I let them eat it… I’m getting a bit tempted to go on a serious search. Where would I go about finding it, I wonder, would it be in another country or perhaps a dungeon?

(Oh my, Niisama is scheming something)

“”Is that so?””

“I, I’m not.”

I was thinking of something mischievous, and got found out by Feat.

“I was just trying to figure out which dungeon we should go to this time.”

“”Dungeon, let’s go!””

(I also want to go!)

(Me too, me too! Let’s go quickly!)

So I hurriedly said something that sounded like an excuse, and the children were very happy.

“We will see after I’m done with my business in the Capital.”

For now, I plan to stay in Capital until the auction, so I can research which dungeon to go to until then.




Chapter 373

The next day, we returned to town and headed straight home to the Ruven residence.

Normally, we would have stopped by the Adventurers’ Guild to look for a request for Pastel Rabbit and have them taken in, but the children wanted to show them to Rosalie-san first. I could understand their feelings, so I decided to take the fifteen Pastel Rabbits home with us for the time being.

Besides, Wald-san asked for a blue Pastel Rabbit. The children’s own discretion led them to red, silver… well, there were no silver Pastel Rabbits, so they settled on a pure white Aurora Bird.

I would love to have Rosalie-san take in those three, but maybe she has a favorite color or a color preference that she would like to keep. Let’s ask her what she wants while we show them to her.

“Oh my!”

“… Whoah~”

As Wald-san was also home today, we were able to unveil the rabbits to both.

“”For Rosalie Neesama we got~””

“Blue child and~”

“Red child~”

“Both are adorable.”

Rosalie-san received the blue and red Pastel Rabbits from the children and hugged them tightly.

“… Even so, this number is strange!”

“When it comes to Allen and Elena, they find them one after another.”

“Even if they find them one after another, they would normally run away!”

“They don’t run away, they come close to us instead~ It’s really mysterious.”

“Hah!?”

Wald-san reacted as I expected.

“Even when our Joule and Feat showed their faces close to them all of a sudden, they wouldn’t show any reaction as if they were relaxed at home.”

“……”

Wald-san was rubbing his head as if it was aching.

“”Wald Nii~””

“… Ou, what is it?”

“Take this.”

“Child, too~”

Allen and Elena held out the Aurora Bird in the palm of their hands.

“Furball… or not, a bird? A chick?”

“”It’s called Aurora Bird~””

“… Oi, Takumi?”

Wald-san didn’t seem to know what an Aurora Bird looked like, but he did know its name. As soon as he heard from the children what kind of bird it was, he looked straight at me.

I feel a silent pressure to explain.

“The children found it. That’s all.”

“Oi!”

“No, I’m telling you there’s no further explanation~”

In fact, the children went into the bushes with a cry of “”Ah!””, and when they came back, they had already brought it back.

When I told him about it, Wald-san had his head in his hands.

“… You guys, seriously, what are you doing?”

“Oh no, we’re not taking any strange actions, you know?”

“Yes, you are. The behavior itself is not strange. There are some things that don’t add up a bit, but… well, I’d say it’s the general behavior. So that means! Your very existence is strange!”

“How rude! Don’t deny our existence!”

“I’m not denying it! I’m saying you’re weird! Why do you always, always, always do the most outrageous things? What’s with all these Pastel Rabbits! And the Aurora Bird? How can there be no problem with you guys when you found one of those!!”

Wald-san seemed quite angry.

“’A lot of Pastel Rabbits… err, it already happened four times now. Give it up. As for the Aurora Bird, I know that Aurora Birds are rare. But we found it. And it wouldn’t run away! I had no choice but to bring it back!”

“You know what they say about leaving things where you found them!”

“Leaving behind.”

“Would be sad.”

When I get into a form of argument with Wald-san, Allen and Elena covered me.

“That’s right! Leaving it behind all alone would be sad.”

“… Eh?”

On the contrary, Rosalie-san also came to my aid, to which Wald-san looked surprised.

“I heard from Allen-san and Elena-san that this child came to them for protection. You can’t just leave it there!”

Rosalie-san was holding Aurora Bird firmly to her chest, along with the two Pastel Rabbits, while she was speaking to Wald-san.

“B, but you know that, Rosalie, right? If people find out about the Aurora Bird’s existence, you can bet all hell will break loose, you know?”

“Then just don’t let people know!”

“No, even if you say that… wouldn’t that be impossible?”

“I will take good care of it, and it will have to put up with walks in the garden… please!”

“Ugh…”

Rosalie-san stared up at Wald-san sitting beside her. Then Wald-san choked on his words. Well, if your new wife asks you like that with puppy eyes, you will certainly… react like this~

(Pii~)

The Aurora Bird also looks at Wald-san with appealing eyes as if to say “Please”.

The Aurora Bird was so eager to be kept that it was even willing to sell itself~

“… Wald-sama.”

(… Pii.)

“Kuh… alright. Try not to let the guests or anyone else find out.”

“Thank you very much.”

(Pii!)

Rosalie-san and the Aurora Bird’s superior eye contact finally made Wald-san break down.

“”Good for you~””

(Pii~)

The children and Aurora Bird were rejoicing with each other. It was a strange scene, as if a conversation was taking place.

“”Rosalie Neesama~ take good care of it~””

“Yes, of course.”

(Pii.)

“Yes, I will be in your care as well.”

Huh? Rosalie-san and the Aurora Bird were also communicating with each other in a humble way? No way, it’s just a coincidence, right?

“”Rosalie Neesama~”

“Yes, what is it?”

“The Pastel Rabbits.”

“Are you fine with two?”

“Eh? Err… what do you mean?”

“”Don’t you want more?””

“……”

Allen and Elena asked Rosalie if there were any other Pastel Rabbits she wanted.

Rosalie-san looked a little troubled and then looked at us as if she had made up her mind.

“U, umm, I have… a request…”

“”What is it~?””

“That… w, would you allow me to share them with my be-besties?”

Rosalie-san would apparently like to give a Pastel Rabbit to her friend as well.

“”Bebesties?””

Allen and Elena tilted their heads with a curious look on their faces.

They were not used to hearing the word “bestie,” but it might also be because Rosalie-san was a little lost for words.

“Allen, Elena, it’s bestie. It means a friend.”

“”Ohh! Friends! Sure!””

Allen and Elena agreed immediately.

“Are you sure?”

“”Yeah, is okay~ What color?””

“Takumi-san, is that really okay?”

Allen and Elena agree in a lighthearted manner, so Rosalie-san confirmed with me as well.

“Of course. Ah, but are there enough Pastel Rabbits?”

“Eh, umm, there are two friends I would like to share with, so two would be enough…”

“You don’t need to hold back, you can take all the children here, you know?”

“N, no, that, there aren’t many people who get along with me…”

“……”

Oh, shoot. I feel like I stepped on a land mine, though not intentionally. I heard that Rosalie-san had a lot of problems during her school days, so she probably doesn’t have a lot of people she gets along with.

“Rather than having a bunch of superficial friends, having two best friends is more than enough. And so, what color would Vassar and Clark madams would like?”

As I was pondering how to reply, Wald-san offered me a helping hand.

Oh, did he just say Madam Vassar?

“Is she Reginald-san’s wife?”

“No, she’s the Deputy Commander’s oldest son’s wife. Senior Leonardo is my senior in the academy, as well as a senior in the Knights Order. Oh, that reminds me, they just had a child.”

“Then, after all, wouldn’t it be better to take more than one Pastel Rabbit for her?”

“I wonder? The child is still a tiny one~ I think it would be better to confirm that with them first. Takumi, can you leave those guys at our place until we confirm?”

“Of course, I’m fine with that. It’s fine right guys?”

“”Yeah, it’s fine~””

The remaining thirteen Pastel Rabbits were to stay with the Ruven family for the time being, as we were to ask the wishes of the people we were giving them to first.

“Sorry about that. The remaining Pastel Rabbits were going to be brought to the Adventurers’ Guild, weren’t they? I’ll make up for not being able to do that.”

“They are a celebratory gift. And in the first place, our purpose for the Pastel Rabbit is to find someone who will love them, and money is secondary, so don’t worry about it.”

I had always been averse to the idea of selling Pastel Rabbits, so giving them away to someone I knew would be the best for my heart.

“Oniichan, Oniichan.”

“What is it?”

“”Give some to~””

“Theodore-kun and.”

“Latis-kun, too?”

“Ah, that’s right. We should ask the Risner family, too.”

The Count Risner’s family is the other family that looked after us. The sons of Cedric Risner, the head of the family, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, have also been given a Pastel Rabbit in the past.

But there is a daughter there, too, and they are three siblings. It would be fine if the three of them got along well with each other, but if they were fighting over them, it would be a big problem, so it would be better to just ask.

So we decided to write a letter immediately.




Chapter 374

Rosalie-san wrote to two of her friends, and I wrote to the Risner family and… to the castle— Tristan-sama.

I have noticed that we have given one Pastel Rabbit each to Grace-sama and Aurora-sama, but not Julius-sama. Well, it is likely that Grace-sama and Aurora-sama are taking care of their Pastel Rabbits together with Julius-sama, but I decided to just ask them just to be sure.

Also, Wald-san said I should report to Tristan-sama that we have taken an Aurora Bird in our care. Pastel Rabbits were the main content, and Aurora Bird was the follow-up.

Also, since we have become acquaintances, I have sent a letter to Richard–sama, the King’s brother, asking if he would be interested in one for his wife. That wouldn’t be rude, right?

“Have you heard back from them yet?”

The day after I sent the letter, all the replies were delivered.

“Fufu, yes. Ah, the letters to you were also addressed to our house, so I checked the contents first.—Here, this is it. Please check it, Takumi-san.”

“I’m sorry to bother you.”

The first letter, from Tristan-sama, was extremely brief. “Come the day after tomorrow.”

Well, he probably wants me to come over to explain about the Aurora Bird. Does that mean I have to take Aurora Bird with me secretly? I will have to keep it out of sight~ Well, we can bring it in a covered cage.

It was also mentioned in the closing that they would like one Pastel Rabbit if possible.

“He wants us to come to the castle the day after tomorrow. We will bring a Pastel Rabbit for Julius-sama, so pick one for him.”

“”Alright~””

It didn’t seem to matter what color to bring, so I told Allen and Elena to secure one.

“… N? Nn!?”

“What~”

“Is next?”

The second and third letters were from the Risner and Ford families, respectively, asking if they could visit… today in order to receive the rabbits.

“Err… today?”

“Fufu, the letters addressed to Rosalie-san also seemed to have similar contents.”

“Really?”

It seems that the Vassar’s and Clark’s also sent a letter requesting an immediate visit.

“”What is it? Tell us~””

“Umm, everyone would like to get the Pastel Rabbits.”

“”Ohh~””

I guess they didn’t understand the meaning of the conversation between Rebecca-san and I. Allen and Elena pulled on my shirt, appealing to me to tell them what it’s all about, and when I told briefly, they smiled happily.

“So that means… four families want to come over today?”

“That appears to be the case. I have already sent out the approval to all four families, and they are welcome to come. Oh, and that there will also be people attending them. Well, think of it as a small tea party.”

… I see, So basically, the Ruven family is hosting a tea party and there will be participants from all four families.

I can’t believe we are hosting a tea party so suddenly. Isn’t it a lot of work to organize a tea party so suddenly?

“I’m sorry! I have caused you inconvenience!”

“It’s all right. Sudden visitors are quite common. It’s in the afternoon, so we have plenty of time to prepare. Besides, it’s a good opportunity for me to let Rosalie-san take the lead.”

“Eh, so you are keeping Rosalie-san busy then?”

“I have asked Almeria-san to assist her, so I’m sure everything will be all right.”

… Is this a part of Madam’s education? Is Rebecca-san surprisingly Spartan?

“Oh my, what is it?”

“N, nothing! I have no thoughts!”

I thought I was having a disturbing thought, but Rebecca-san smiled at me with a… nice smile.

“Ah, right! It may be still too early, but how about a Pastel Rabbit for Lucario-kun? Or is it Rebecca-san’s turn to have another one?”

Her smile was slightly scary, so I forced myself to change the subject.

“Fufu, my, my, is it okay?”

“”Of course!””

Then Rebecca-san laughed and allowed me to change the subject.

“Thank you. Well, I guess I will choose a son-in-law for my child after the guests choose theirs.”

Was Rebecca’s Pastel Rabbit a female? I gave her the information I saw in the appraisal when I gave it to her, but I don’t remember whose was the female and whose was the male~

“You can choose whichever child of your liking first.”

“Thank you, but it’s okay. They are all very adorable.”

“I see. That’s fine then, but… don’t you think it’s not always the males that remain?”

“My, then I will be choosing her a friend instead.”

“I thought so~”

Since there is no need to force the gender, it seems that either that remains will be fine.

“Then, in that case… there will be three left?”

If we brought back fifteen animals, one for Rebecca-san, two for Rosalie-san, one for Julius-sama, and two for each of the four families coming today… there will be three animals left?

“”Three will be left~?””

“According to the arrangement. Well, if any of the people coming today want more than two, they can have them, though.”

“”Yeah~””

I heard that Reginald-san of the Vassar family has a daughter, so if his daughter wants one, she can have it.

“Then I guess I don’t have to report it to the Guild this time.”

“”Oh, that’s good~””

“Yes, that’s right. Well then, while we have time, let’s pick out a child to take to the castle later and put it aside, and then we can go ask if there’s anything we can do to help prepare for the tea party.”

Maybe there is nothing we can help with, but I will check with Rosalie-san and Almeria-san just to be sure.

“Oh my, you are going to help?”

“We are kind of the cause of the problem, after all.”

“Fufu, I knew you would say so, Takumi-san.”

“Perhaps there is something I can do for you?”

“I would like to ask you to make some tea cakes for us, but will you make it in time?”

I see, tea cakes. I can help out with that.

“It would be difficult if you asked for several kinds, but one or two kinds should be of no problem.”

“Really? Then may I ask you to make them?”

“Of course. I will get right on it.”

After saying that to Rebecca-san, I decided to head to the kitchen right away.

“”Oniichan, what will you make~?””

“Just a minute. I will think of something now.”

What shall we make? I would like to make something new if possible, but… I have to get to work right away, so if I can’t think of anything new… pound cake would be a safe bet.

“Allen, Elena, think about what you want to eat before we get to the kitchen.”

“”Okay~””

We headed to the kitchen, wondering what to make.




Chapter 375

“Now then, what do we do~——Did you two come up with anything?”

When we arrived in the kitchen, I first asked Allen and Elena for their opinions.

“”Yes, yes!””

“Yes, Allen-kun, Elena-san, go ahead.”

“Yes! Allen would like a Yogurl snack!”

“Yes! Elena wants to eat Yogurl one, too!”

“Yogurt, huh.”

Come to think of it, I haven’t made any snacks using Yogurl—yogurt, yet.

“Hm, sounds good. Let’s make something from Yogurl then?”

“”Yay~!””

I was thinking about frying up some pancake batter, dusting it with sugar and turning it into donuts.

Donuts and yogurt-flavored sweet… yogurt ice cream or yogurt jelly would go very well together, so one of those will be the snack of the day.

“Allen, Elena, if you had to choose between ice cream and jelly, which would you prefer?”

“”Both~””

“Ah, yes, I thought so. Well, both are easy to make, so let’s make them both~”

“”Yay~!”

Whether we serve them both or not, there’s no harm in making them.

“Allen, can you whip the cream with the sugar?”

“Ye~s.”

“What about Elena~?”

“Elena, you can mix Yogurl with salt and then stir in milk a little by little.”

“Oka~y.”

Firstly, we made ice cream and jelly at the same time.

For the ice cream, mix yogurt, whipped cream and sugar, and freeze it in the ice cream maker.

The taste is delicious even when frozen instantly, but the texture is smoother if you take the time to freeze it, so I’m really glad I had the ice cream maker made for me~

For the jelly, just mix yogurt with sugar and milk, then mix in the boiled and dissolved slime jelly and chill it. It would have separated from the yogurt when heated, so I would make it without heating it this time. All the ingredients are fresh, so it should be fine.

We could probably add lemon juice to both, but this time I’m going for the original sourish taste of the yogurt.

“And click♪”

“The jelly is ready, and we just have to wait for the ice cream to finish.”

“Oniichan, Elena wants to click, too!”

“Eh?”

I just pushed the switch of the ice cream maker, but when Allen saw me pushing it, he said that Elena wanted to do it, too.

“… Well, why not.”

If that’s the case, we could make the yogurt ice cream again, this time with the berry jam mixed in at the end to marble it. For the berries… I think I’ll use the mixed berry jam I got from the Fiji Company.

“Then, Elena, can you mix this?”

“Yes~”

“Allen, too~”

“You can do this one, Allen.”

“Okay~”

I got carried away and made not only Milk Berry flavor, but also yogurt ice cream mixed with Ichi and Oren. But I don’t regret it, because they all turned out delicious.

“Then, let’s make the donuts next.”

“Donats?”

“What’s that~?”

“It’s a deep-fried pancake batter snack.”

“”Ohh~ sounds yummy~ Let’s make it, let’s make it!””

We swiftly made the pancake batter. We used somewhat larger portion of flour, so it’s a little firmer than fluffier. Then we started preparing to fry them.

“This will come in handy so soon.”

“”The thingy for scooping ice cream?””

“Indeed. But, that’s not its exclusive use, it can be used for other things, too.”

It is indeed difficult to fry them in the shape of a circle, so I decided to make them into round donuts by using the ice cream scooper. Stefan-san had delivered me several different sizes of the scooper, which he had made for us.

“I will fry them up then, you two take a step back from me.”

“”Okay~””

I fried a few for now, sprinkled some sugar on them, and tasted them right away.

“They are hot, so be careful.”

“”Yea!””

The two children blew on the freshly made donuts, letting them cool down to a certain degree before vigorously eating them.

“”Wafu! Nn~~~♪””

Following the children, I tried a donut myself.

“Hot!——Yeah, I think it came out better than I expected?”

“Allen loves this~”

“Elena loves it, too~”

If I had to be extravagant, I would prefer a fluffier donut, but… well, it’s the first time I have made them, so I guess that’s about as good as I can make them. Oh, I have heard that if you use white wheat as flour, it makes them fluffy. I could try that, too.

“The taste seems good, so let’s fry them all up~”

“”Let’s fryyy!””

So, I fried the rest of the donuts.

Oh, come to think of it, I can deep-fry anpan and cream buns to make andonuts and cream donuts, too. Let’s make those next time.

“”Will roll around~””

“Then, I will leave it to you.”

Allen and Elena rolled the donuts in a bowl of sugar and covered them whole.

“Alright, this was the last one.”

“”Finished~””

Come to think of it, there was also the chocolate coating. But, well, that will have to wait until next time.

“Err, the current time is… it’s exactly noon.”

“”Lunch~?””

“Yeah. But, firstly, let’s report to Rebecca-san that the snacks are ready.”

“”Let’s do that~””




Chapter 376

At tea time, guests arrived at the Ruven residence one after another. The ones to receive them were Rosalie-san and Wald-san, Rebecca-san and Almeria-san. And then there was us.

“Rosalie, once again, congratulations.”

“Congratulations, Rosalie.”

“Thank you, Celestia, Olga.”

First, two women with blonde and light brown hair rushed over and hugged Rosalie-san.

These are probably the two friends Rosalie-san talked about.

“”Good friends~””

“Indeed. They seem to get along well~”

Rosalie-san was making a very merry face.

“Celestia, can we? I know you are happy to see her, but let’s give our greetings first.”

“Mhm. Sorry about that.”

“Olga, you too.”

“Yes, I know.”

The two friends—Mrs. Vassar and Mrs. Clark, lined up next to their husbands.

“I apologize for visiting on such a short notice. My name is Leonardo Vassar.”

“I’m his wife, Celestia. I have taken you up to your word and brought my son, Alvard, with me.——This is the first time you have seen him, Rosalie, isn’t it?”

“Hewwo.”

“Fufu, he’s adorable. He looks just like you, Celestia.”

The Vassar family greeted us, first. Today there were three of them, a couple and a boy of about three years old.

“It’s an honor to make your acquaintance. I am Harrison Clark.”

“I’m Olga. This is our daughter, Maery. Thank you very much for allowing us to visit.”

The Clark family then introduced themselves. The Clark family consisted of a couple and a girl about one year of age.

“Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you will enjoy our hospitality. Please come this way.”

Rebecca-san, as our representative, said a few words of hospitality and immediately led the guests to the lounge. Rebecca-san and Almeria-san then left the room. Apparently, they would not be attending the tea party.

“Wald, I am sorry for interrupting you so early on your honeymoon.”

After settling into his seat, Vassar-sama first offered his apologies.

“Don’t mind it, senior Leonardo, please don’t be so formal today. Oh, that’s right, both senior and Clark-dono are meeting Takumi for the first time, aren’t you?—Takumi.”

“Erm, it’s nice to meet you. My name is Takumi Kayano.”

“I’m Allen.”

“I’m Elena.”

“Vassar-sama, Clark-sama, thank you for stopping by today.”

Wald-san spoke up, so the children and I greeted them.

“Kayano-dono, you can call me by my name, Leonardo, to distinguish me from my Father. I have heard a lot about you.”

“I’m very grateful for Reginald-san’s help that time. I will accept your kind offer and call you Leonard-sama then. By all means, please call me by my name as well.”

“You should at least use ‘-san’ there, Takumi-kun.”

“I understand, Leonardo-san.”

First, I made acquaintance with Leonardo-san, Reginald-san’s son.

“This is my first time seeing you all properly. Please, call me Harrison by all means.”

“Certainly, isn’t this our first time chatting normally, isn’t it?”

“Indeed. We have only met each other when filling the paperwork?”

It seems that Harrison Clark-sama did not have that much friendship with either Wald-san or Leonardo-san.

But still—

“Wald-san.”

“What is it, Takumi.”

“I feel uncomfortable with your polite way of speaking.”

“Ta~ku~mi~ What are you bringing up now!”

“No, I mean, I can’t… get used to it.”

When pointed out Wald-san’s way of speaking, Leonardo-san and Harrison-sama started laughing with amusement.

“”Haha.””

“Wald, you really are like brothers.”

“Yes, you seem to be having fun.”

Lately, I have been told more and more that Wald-san and I are like real brothers.

“Sorry to digress. Are you a civil servant, Harrison-sama?”

“You can talk to me as if you were talking to Ruven-dono, Takumi-dono. There’s no need for the ‘-sama’.”

“Thank you. I will call you Harrison-san then. You can call me casually, too.”

“Pardon me, it’s not in my nature to call others without honorifics. I will keep it like htat. So, to answer your question, I work at the financial department.”

“Oh, financials!”

As I was talking with the two husbands, I noticed that Mrs. Vassar and Mrs. Clark were staring at me with interest.

“Erm… Mrs. Vassar, Mrs. Clark, did I do somethinf rude, perhaps?”

“Fufu, of course not. Rosalie has written in her letter about you, so I was only curious about you a little. I’m sorry for staring at you. But I hear you are a very impressive person~”

“Rosalie seemed quite merry from her letter, you see.”

“Eh, Rosalie-san, I mean, just what did Rosalie-sama write about me?”

“Fufu.”

What on earth did Rosalie-san write in her letter about me to the two of them?

I couldn’t help but look at Rosalie-san, but she just smiled at me and didn’t seem to want to elaborate.

“Oh dear, you don’t have to address us with honorifics, just be casual as you have been. Of course, we will do the same.”

“Yeah. You can call me Olga, just like Rosalie does.”

“I’m fine with Celestia, or Celes!”

“Nonono! I consider Rosalie-san a family, so I think it’s okay to call her like that, but there’s no way I can call you two like that.”

“”Eh, why?””

The two ladies looked at me as if I was truly strange.

“… I don’t know much about the society of the nobility, but wouldn’t that be bad for your reputations?”

“It’s not like I’m sneaking behind my husband’s back, so isn’t it just fine?”

“Indeed~ and we are going to be friends for a very long time anyway.”

Both Celestia-san and Olga-san seemed to be surprisingly refreshing people.

I guess that’s why they are friends with Rosalie-san, without being influenced by rumors and so on.

“Hey, quickly, call my name.”

“Right. Quickly, quickly~”

“……”

“Celes Neesama?”

“Olga Neesama?”

“”Oh my!””

I was hesitant to call the two ladies back, but Allen and Elena, who had been watching the situation, called them instead. The two wives got very happy.

“That sounds nice!”

“It does. Do they also call you Neesama, Rosalie?”

“Yes, they do.”

Rosalie-san looked quite happy, too.

“Then, next is Takumi-san’s turn. Ah, I can call you Takumi-san, right?”

“Okay, go ahead.”

“Ehh~—The two husbands over here, please stop your wives.”

“There’s nothing wrong with calling them like that.”

“Indeed. It’s not like Olga would give up anyway, so just call them the way they want.”

“……”

I tried to get help from Leonardo-san and Harrison-san, but they abandoned me.

“… Celestia-san, Olga-san. You are both pushing too hard~”

“My, this much is normal.”

“Right, right. The other side won’t understand unless we don’t speak clearly.”

“Takumi-san, Celestia and Olga have always helped me by debunking the false accusations made against me.”

I see, for Celestia and Olga, words are a weapon to defend Rosalie.

“You have found great friends.”

“Yes, that I did.”

While we were socializing with the two families, Cedric-san with Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, and Richard-san and his wife also arrived at the Ruven residence.




Chapter 377

“Richard-sama, Madam, we welco—”

“”Ah!””

“Eh, what is it!?”

Before we had even finished greeting each other, Allen and Elena suddenly pointed their fingers at Richard-sama’s wife.

“Hey! Allen, Elena, you can’t point your fingers at people.”

I immediately cautioned the children and made them put their hands down.

“Madam, I beg your pardon.”

“”…… Sorry.””

“It’s okay. You must be Takumi, and this must be Allen and Elena. Nice to meet you, I am Charlotte Ford, Richard’s wife.”

“Thank you for your politeness, Mrs. Ford.”

“Oh my, you can call me Charlotte.”

“Is that okay?”

“Of course.”

Charlotte-sama greeted us with a gentle smile, despite the children’s rudeness. I had heard that she had light brown hair and pale green eyes, but she seemed like a very gentle person.

“Richard-sama, welcome to our home. I’m sorry to bother you so quickly, but… may I have a bit of your time?”

“N? What is it?”

It would be rude if it were true, but I beckoned to Richard-sama and called him to a little distance away from others Then, in a small voice, I whispered in his ear.

“Um… your wife seems to be pregnant, are you perhaps not aware?”

Allen and Elena pointed to Charlotte-sama, and it was around Charlotte-sama’s abdomen. I immediately realized that there was another kind of magic power coming from her.

After all, the children had pointed out before when Almeria-san was pregnant.

“Eh? Really?”

“It’s in the very early stages of pregnancy, but I can feel another the magic power, so I’m sure of it.”

Richard-sama sounded stunned when I pointed this out.

When we had met before, I had given Richard-sama a “Blue Rose Drops”, a pregnancy medicine, so it was no surprise that Charlotte-sama was pregnant. However, because Richard-sama and his wife seemed to be having trouble conceiving a child, I whispered a confirmation to him. It was a delicate matter, after all.

Having said that, Charlotte-sama still appears to be quite young, so in my opinion, there was no need to panic so much, but… the nobility get married and have children pretty early. Maybe it has something to do with that.

“Erm… Excuse me, I know it’s not something to get into too deeply, but I dare to ask. Did you use the medicine?”

“No, well… I’m adjusting to my work right now…”

“Then, you haven’t used it yet?”

“Y, yeah.”

It seems to be a natural pregnancy.

“Are you sure about this, Takumi-dono?”

“Yes, I have no doubt. The magic power seems to be stable as well.”

“Really!—Charlotte!”

“What is the matter, Husband? Have you finished your private talk?”

Richard-sama called out to Charlotte-sama in a hurry.

Charlotte-sama was waiting for us while Richard-sama and I were talking secretly, smiling at us without interrupting anything. She didn’t show the slightest sign of discomfort.

“Are you feeling sick, dizzy, or otherwise unwell?”

“I’m perfectly healthy. What’s wrong all of a sudden?”

“”There’s a baby!””

“!”

Before Richard-sama could tell her, Allen and Elena revealed it.

Well, I think it would be more correct to say that they read the air and kept quiet up to this point. In a manner of speaking, while Richard-sama and I were talking, they were holding back without saying anything.

“Husband, is that the truth?”

“Takumi-dono said that he has no doubts.”

“I can already feel the child’s magic power.”

“……”

Charlotte-sama started to cry.

“”Hurting?””

“Allen, Elena, you are wrong there. I’m sure she’s overjoyed.”

“”I see~””

Allen and Elena were worried because Charlotte-sama started to cry, but when I told them that she was crying with happiness, they looked relieved.

Charlotte-sama cried for a while, and then she expressed her apologies in an embarrassed manner.

“I am sorry. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable.”

“No, it’s all right. Your eyes have become swollen. Would it be better if I asked them to prepare something to cool down your eyes rather… than using magic to heal it?”

Is it okay to perform healing magic on someone who is pregnant?

“Yeah. It might be better to avoid magic, just to be safe.”

“Then…—”

“Here, please use this.”

I wanted to hurry to get something to cool her down, but as soon as I uttered the word, “Then,” a wet towel was held out in front of me.

It was arranged by Rebecca-san, who had come out to greet them together with us. As expected of her.

“Charlotte, it might appear rude, but would you like to go take a rest for today?”

“No, I am fine. We were invited over with great consideration, so let’s stay.”

Richard-sama asked Charlotte-sama if she wanted to go home, but she shook her head.

Normally, she would probably want to go home immediately and see a doctor. But even if I said here that she doesn’t have to restrain herself and go home, Charlotte-sama probably wouldn’t nod her head. Well, it will be only a few hours difference at most, and in that case, it would be better to start the tea party quickly.

“Well then, if you feel any change in your condition, please don’t hesitate to voice out your thought.”

“Yes, I will do that. Thank you.”

So, I finally led Richard-sama and Charlotte-sama to the lounge.

“You took your time, Takumi.”

As soon as Richard-sama and Charlotte-sama settled into their seats, Wald-sama, who was dealing with the guests who had arrived earlier, quietly approached me and quietly asked me if something happened. It had been some time since we had left to receive them, after all.

“Sorry about that. We got a little too absorbed in chatting.”

“That’s fine, but… I can’t help but worry something happened, because it’s you we are talking about.”

“……”

Wald-san? Because it’s me? What do you mean by that?

When I stared back at Wald-san, he averted his gaze.

“W, well, Takumi, you are the host of this tea party, so entertain the guests, yes, entertain the guests.”

“I will remember this.”

I should be definitely entertaining the guests, so I will question Wald-san later.




Chapter 378

That’s how the tea party began, but unfortunately, there was a trouble.

“… No need to be this stiff.”

Richard-sama had a troubled expression on his face.

The other three families, who did not expect Richard-sama, the King’s younger brother, even though he was married away, to come to today’s tea party, were stiffening up.

“”What is it~?””

Allen and Elena tilted their heads curiously at the sight of everyone.

“It looks like we surprised them.”

“”Is that so?”

“Yeah. That is so~ Why don’t you guys bring the Pastel Rabbits over to ease everyone’s feelings?”

“”Oka~y.””

At any rate, I decided to have the children bring the Pastel Rabbits, who were waiting in the adjacent room.

At first I thought we would enjoy tea and deepen our friendship, then I would bring the Pastel Rabbits out… but I think it’s their time to shine already.

“”We brought them~””

Soon Allen and Elena brought the Pastel Rabbits.

“This way~”

“Come in~”

As expected, the two of them could not carry the twelve Pastel Rabbits, so they brought them behind them like a procession of ducks.

“Umm… so they all followed you?”

“”Yeah! They are all good kids.””

The Pastel Rabbits seemed to listen to the children. The two should not have had the Training skill, but… it’s mysterious.

“”Come and play~””

At Allen and Elena’s command, each of the Pastel Rabbits went to the person they were interested in.

“Oh my, how adorable.”

Charlotte-sama picked up the purple Pastel Rabbit that came to her feet.

That was the signal for the others who had been frozen to begin interacting with the Pastel Rabbits.

Rosalie-san’s beloved rabbits were also brought over by a maid, so Rosalie-san also had rabbits on her lap to pet.

“There’s so many of them.”

“Were they all found by Allen-kun and Elena-chan?”

“”Yeah, that’s right.””

Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, who had been released from the tension when the nervous adults started playing with the Pastel Rabbits, began to talk to Allen and Elena happily.

“Say, Rosalie. Why do these Pastel Rabbits approach us without caution, and why don’t they run away when we pick them up?”

“I wonder about that, too. Even if they are well tamed, they usually don’t approach anyone except their owners, right?”

Celestia-san and Olga-san were petting the Pastel Rabbits and looked at them as if they were “truly mystified”.

“You know, they have been like this since Takumi-san and the children brought them back. So I’m not quite sure.—Do you know why, Wald-sama?”

“It’s precisely because it was Takumi, Allen, and Elena who brought them back. I’m sure that the scent, magic power or something else emanating from the three of them have made them lose their guard. Oh, no, was it their charm?”

Rosalie-san, who couldn’t answer the questions from her friends, asked Wald-san for help. Then, Wald-san said something outrageous.

What do you mean by scent! What scent! I have no words for the charm either, though!

“Wald-san, what do you mean by that! Stop talking as if something weird was leaking out of our bodies!”

“No, something is definitely leaking out of you guys, Takumi! Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so many things happening around you that I can’t explain!”

“It hasn’t happened that many times!”

“Stop lying! How many times have you brought home this many Pastel Rabbits already!? Come on, answer me!”

“… Um, four times?”

“Normally, it happening once would already be considered a miracle. Four times is just crazy!”

“……”

If this was just about the Pastel Rabbits, then I wouldn’t have anything to do with it, though~

Besides, if people didn’t approach Pastel Rabbits with the “I will get you!” mindset, I feel like they would seek protection from people much more often~ Well, that’s not something I have verified, so I guess that’s a weak argument from me.

“There are many other things, too! You really are causing all sorts of things to happen!”

“I heard a bit about Takumi-dono and kids, but it was quite shocking~”

“I know, right!—Hear that!?”

Wald-san insisted. And Richard-sama agreed with him for some reason!

“Still, I can’t agree with the word ‘causing’! We just get involved in stuff!”

I apparently have a constitution that gets me caught up in things!

“Stop getting caught up in things then!”

“It’s already too late by the time I notice!”

“Notice earlier then!”

“How do I go about that!?”

“Use your intuition!”

“Eh? Intuition!?”

“That’s right. Intuition! Avoid things using your instincts!”

“… That’s absurd.”

Everyone who saw the exchange between me and Wald-san chuckled.

“I apologize for making a scene.”

Wald-san, realizing that he was being laughed at, blushed and hurriedly apologized.

“Kuh… fu, you two really get along well.”

“… Senior.”

Leonardo-san wanted to laugh hysterically, but he muttered while desperately trying to hold it back.

“Rosalie, it’s good that your family is so close~”

“I’m so glad you married into such an excellent family~”

“What has been happening to you until now was abnormal. Happiness will follow from now on.”

“That’s right.”

“Thank you both. I am already happy now.”

For some reason, Celestia-san, Olga-san, and Rosalie-san were all acting warm and fluffy.

I wonder how bad the situation was for Rosalie-san. Makes me wonder what her life has been like! … Well, I can’t ask that easily.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

Just as I was feeling relieved that Wald-san’s hounding(?) ended, Allen and Elena called for me while tugging on my clothes.

“What is it?”

“”Leave this~””

“To Allen.”

“And Elena.”

The children suddenly declared, brimming with confidence.

“Err… what do I leave to you?”

I asked the kids back, not knowing what they were talking about. Then the kids said something outrageous.

“Instincts!”

“Intuition!”

“……”

You have definitely got it wrong!

What Allen and Elena want me to entrust to them is asking them what direction to go, according to their intuition and instinct, right? The exact opposite of what Wald-san was talking about!

‘Well, I don’t know if you two understand properly, but what Wald-san was telling us~… was to avoid following the direction you guys felt like going in, you see?”

“”Not follow~?””

“Yeah, to don’t follow… that’s what we have been talking about.”

I knew it! The two wanted to push forward according to their intuition!

“”Huh~?””

The children tilted their heads puzzled, and the laughter that had once settled down returned.




Chapter 379

“Fufu.”

“They are amusing children, right?”

“Yes, just as I heard~”

Richard-sama and Charlotte-sama were smiling at each other.

If it were just their appearance, they would be an enchanting and beautiful couple, but the content of what they are talking about was disturbing to me.

“… Richard-sama, just what have you spoken about us?”

“N? I was just going along with what I had heard from my brother and others, and what I experienced the last time we met.

“… Going along.”

“Everything from how great you are to how you act out of the ordinary. I don’t keep secrets from my wife, you see?”

“… Please hide a few things for me!”

I’m all for the ideal husband who doesn’t hide things from his wife, but… I wish you would have obscured a few details!

“”There, there.””

As I hung my head down in my hands, children patted my head from both sides.

Then everyone who saw it laughed again.

“……”

“Oy~ Takumi? Why don’t you raise your head already?”

I was slightly embarrassed and couldn’t look up, so Wald-san called out to me with a voice that contained a hint of laughter. He was totally amused.

“… N?”

Then, for some reason, something was placed on my back and my head.

It was Allen and Elena who were putting… something on me, right?

“Wait a minute. What are you putting there?”

“”I~ wonder~ what~?””

I could feel that the number of things put on me was gradually increasing.

And that something was warm. Could it be… Pastel Rabbits!?

“Pastel Rabbits? Hey, Allen, Elena, it’s dangerous, they will fall.”

“It’s fine~”

“They are holding tightly~”

I warned the children to stop, but they loaded me with more Pastel Rabbits.

“Seriously, wait a moment. Just how many have you put on me?”

“”Let’s see… six!””

“Six! Eh, did you add another one just now!?”

“With this.”

“It’s eight.”

It seems that I had a total of eight Pastel Rabbits on my head and back.

“I can’t get up, so can you put them down, please?”

“”No~””

The kids refused.

Moreover, everyone else just giggled and didn’t seem to want to help me.

“Can’t be helped.—Float.”

I used wind magic to float the Pastel Rabbits and raise my body to catch them.

“”Ah~…””

The children who were holding a ninth and tenth Pastel Rabbit to put on me let out a disappointed cry.

Besides, upon closer inspection, four Pastel Rabbits were waiting at the feet of the children. They were not calling them over, but all the Pastel Rabbits were assembled, including Rosalie-san’s two Pastel Rabbits.

“Did you plan to put all of them on me!?”

“”Yeah!””

They replied cheerfully.

“Gee~ just what were you trying to accomplish~—Now, now, you guys return to Rosalie-san.”

At any rate, I told Rosalie-san’s Pastel Rabbits to go back to their owner, and the two animals headed obediently towards her.

“Oh my, they listened to what Takumi-san’s said.”

“Indeed. They seemed to understand his words.”

Seeing the Pastel Rabbit listening to me, Celestia-san and Olga-san murmured in admiration.

“It might have been because of my Training skill, I guess? Well, anyway, and more importantly, everyone, have you found your favorite child?”

Conveniently, all the Pastel Rabbits have returned to me, so I will let each of them decide which Pastel Rabbit to take home with them.

“Then shall we start with Richard-sama and Charlotte-sama?”

“No, we’re fine with being last.—What do you think, Charlotte.”

“Yes, I like each and every one of them. They are all adorable. Let the children choose first.”

I wondered if the order of status would be for the better, so I approached Richard-sama and Charlotte-sama first, but they both gave up their turn.

So, Theodore-kun and Latis-kun chose first, then Celestia-san and Olga-san chose after some consultation, and finally, it was Charlotte-sama’s turn to choose. At any rate, each of them chose two rabbits, so now the destinations of the eight rabbits were decided.

“”Obaasama.””

“Yeah. One of them will go to Rebecca-san.”

“”Then, the other three~?””

There were three Pastel Rabbits remaining.

“Leonardo-san, you have a little sister, don’t you? How about taking one for her?”

“Is that alright?”

“Of course.”

“Thank you. I’m sure she will be delighted.”

Leonardo-san also chose one to give to Reginald-san’s daughter, so now there were two of them left.

“Takumi, Senior has two little sisters.”

“Eh, is that so!?”

I was surprised when Wald-san pointed out to me that Reginald-san had two daughters.

“Leonardo-san, you should have told me.”

“No, well. The Pastel Rabbits are usually very hard to come by. And yet, I have already been given three of them, so…”

“Please don’t hesitate to speak out. I will be happy as long as I can give them to someone who will love them.”

So, Leonardo-san chose another one, and there was only one Pastel Rabbit left.

“Hey, Takumi-san.”

I decided to choose a Pastel Rabbit for Rebecca-san first and let Elena hold it, while I held the remaining one and looked around at the tea party participants.

Then Olga-san called out to me in a reserved manner.

“Yes, what is it?”

“If you don’t mind, could you give that one to me for my little sister?”

“Of course.”

Good. Now all the Pastel Rabbits had owners.

“”Take a good care of them, okay~””

Allen and Elena concluded with a few words, to which everyone responded in the affirmative.

I’m sure the Pastel Rabbits will be cherished by their new families.




Chapter 380

“Ah, now that everyone seems to have relaxed a little, why don’t we enjoy a cup of tea?”

“”Yay~ Snacks~””

Now that the homes of all the Pastel Rabbits have been decided, I thought on moving on to the tea party, which was the original purpose of today’s event. People were so nervous that they didn’t drink any tea at all right after the tea party started.

The tea was completely cold, so I asked the servants to brew us a new pot of tea and serve it with the new snacks.

“I haven’t seen these before. Takumi, are these new ones?”

“Yes, they are. They are donuts and yogurt jellies.”

It was winter now, and the ice cream would melt inside, so today I’ve prepared yogurt jelly instead of yogurt ice cream.

“I thought so at the castle too, but Takumi-dono’s cooking skills are amazing.”

“Truly. It’s very delicious~”

Richard-sama and Charlotte-sama were praising the snacks.

“How about it? Would you like to work at our mansion?”

“”No way~””

“My, oh my, the kids turned me down before the person in question could answer.”

Richard-sama’s offering of a job(?) was met with Allen and Elena’s refusal. It was me who was offered the job, though~

“My Dear, if you keep saying something this outrageous, the children will come to dislike you.”

“That would be troubling.”

Richard-sama, rebuked by Charlotte-sama, looked at Allen and Elena with a troubled face.

“Have you come to dislike me already?”

“Won’t take.”

“Our Oniichan?”

“I won’t, I won’t. When I have a favor to ask of your brother, I’ll ask Allen-kun and Elena-san together, so you won’t be separated.”

“”Then, is fine~””

“I see. I will be relying on you at that time, then.”

The conversation was over before I had time to interject. Well, it’s fine.

“I see, in order to win over Takumi-dono, you must first win over his children.”

“Richard-sama, did you need something?”

“N? That, of course, was just to let Charlotte eat something good.”

“Ah, yes, I see~”

I really didn’t know what Richard-sama wanted to do, so I asked him frankly, and he answered simply.

However, Charlotte-sama smiled happily at the reply, and Rosalie-san, Celestia-san, and Olga-san were entranced with flushed expressions. Richard-sama seems to have captured the hearts of the ladies.

“If you want to know how to cook something, whether it’s a dish or a sweet, I’ll teach you what I can. So there is no need to hire me.”

As one would expect, I can’t easily teach anything related to the Fiji Company’s business, but otherwise, I’m happy to give out recipes.

“Is that so?”

I don’t know why Richard-sama looked at Wald-san, as if he didn’t believe what I was saying.

“Takumi doesn’t keep that kind of knowledge to himself. Rather, he discloses it so easily that it worries us.”

“Isn’t that to Takumi-dono’s detriment?”

“I think he’s doing a good job there. The business association with which he’s in contact are also very firm, and they make arrangements on Takumi’s behalf so he can receive profits even if he does not say anything.”

“How do you know so much!?”

Wald-san answered Richard-sama’s question smoothly, but his explanation was so precise that I thought he had seen what I was doing!

“N? The people you are personally acquainted with are also our acquaintances, and of course we get information about what is going around in Rubia, too. But it’s mainly because the Fiji Company reports to us on a regular basis.”

“……”

“And on top of that, Mother is very good at getting the children to talk about various things.”

“……”

Ah, yes, it’s not surprising that Rebecca-san is able to guide the kids well and get them to say everything she wants to hear about our trips. My kids remember things that have happened well, so they’ll tell her exactly what she wants to hear.

“I listened about your little incident of capturing the pirate’s ship with an indescribable look on my face, ya know?”

“!?”

They even knew that we had encountered a pirate ship that we had not dared to report!

“Come to think of it, I heard that a pirate who had been raging around the Serdik nation had been captured, but it was Takumi-sama who had resolved the problem, huh?”

“Takumi-sama is truly amazing~!”

“That’s enough talking about pirates! It’s already something that happened in the past.”

I forcefully tried to end the conversation.

“Oh my, I would like to hear more about your bravery, Takumi-san.”

“That’s right, I also want to hear more~”

“Me too, I want to hear more!”

“Me too!”

But Celestia-san, Olga-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun all wanted to hear more.

“Allen-kun, Elena-san, can you tell us the story of how you defeated the pirates?”

“”Sure~””

When Cedric-san targeted Allen and Elena, the children smilingly agreed to tell them the story.

“Eh, wait a moment!”

I hurried to stop the kids.

“Can’t~?”

“Why~?”

“Eh, why, you ask…?”

The kids looked up at me with curious looks on their faces.

But when they asked me why… I was at a loss for words.

“Erm, you see…”

“”Say, why~?””

“I see no reason why not. Allen, Elena, you can tell us all about your adventures to your heart’s content!”

“”Alright~!””

In the meantime, Wald-san gave his permission, and Allen and Elena happily began to share their travel adventures.

The stories were about the “Dungeon of Colors” from around the time we boarded the ship—mainly from the time we left for Serdik and came back.

Perhaps because of their training in reading picture books, their adventure stories were told in a amusing way, as if they were putting on a kind of show, and the adults, as well as Theodore-kun and Latis-kun, listened to them with sparkling eyes.

The adventure storytelling continued until the tea party was over, and all the tea party participants left with Pastel Rabbits in their arms, satisfied that they had enjoyed themselves.

The day after the tea party, while delivering a Pastel Rabbit to the castle, I went to show the Aurora Bird to Tristan-sama, who gave me a look of utter dismay and said, “Don’t let people find out.” It seems that I was able to avoid his scolding. Thank goodness.

However, when it came to the newly freeze-dried rice porridge and stew that Matthias-san reported, I had to explain at length, as he did not let me finish easily.




Chapter 381

“Oh, there you are. Long time no see, Takumi.”

“…?”

As I was walking on the street, a beautiful man suddenly approached me, calling out my name.

The other man was talking as if he knew me, but I had no recollection of having met this man.

“Allen and Elena also seem to be doing good.”

“”Unyu?””

He seemed to know Allen and Elena too, but they also tilted their heads curiously, as if they didn’t recognize the man.

“Err… who might you be?”

Long blue hair and golden eyes. I’d say he was in his late 20s or early 30s.

He had quite an eye-catching appearance, so I don’t think I would ever forget him if I ever met him again~

“Me, it’s me. Kaiser.”

“E, ehhh!? Ka, Kaiser!?”

“”You are Kaiser?””

To my surprise, the beautiful man introduced himself as Kaiser.

The magic power I felt was indeed Kaiser’s, but I could not believe it.

I hurried to appraise the man in front of me. It turned out that he was definitely Kaiser, the Leviathan.

… His status was full of uncertainties as ever, though.

“You really are Kaiser! Eh, why did you take on a human form?”

“N? Do you not know about the Humanification skill?”

“””Humanification~?”””

Me and the kids all tilted our heads.

“It’s a skill that allows you to become a human.”

“Ah, I see!”

Eh, Humanification skill? So something like that existed~ I wasn’t aware it existed.

“”That’s amazing~”

“I’m great, aren’t I~”

Allen and Elena walked around Kaiser and observed him.

Kaiser also showed off by extending and bending his arms as if to show off to the children.

Watching the three of them, I had a thought.

“……… Hey, Kaiser, did you acquire that skill just recently?”

“N? I’ve had it for some time already.”

… Kaiser had the Humanification skill for a while? So, is that skill among the unreadable part of his status?

“I see, I see now. Let me ask you something, Kaiser…”

“N? What is it?”

“Did you acquire the Humanification skill before you were asked to protect Allen and Elena?”

Five years ago, no, it was six years ago now, wasn’t it? When Allen and Elena were born, Kaiser was asked to protect the children as the Water God’s retainer. However, Kaiser was a Leviathan who lived underwater. If he went to the city to protect the children with his huge body of several tens of meters, he would have risked wrecking the city. For that reason, he had to refuse the request… that’s what he said when we met him before.

I was convinced that Kaiser had given up on protecting the children because of that reason, but then I realized that… he should have simply used Humanification then.

“……… I did.”

Kaiser seemed to have realized what I was trying to say. He looked disappointed.

“I’m sorry! I completely forgot all about this skill at the time!”

Kaiser immediately apologized.

“… Are you angry? I don’t want to make any excuses but, my first Humanification took place after I met you, Takumi.”

“After you met us? So you never tried the skill before?”

“Yeah. I was never interested in becoming human.”

“I see. Then why did you suddenly remember the skill?”

When Kaiser told me the reason, well… it made sense. If Kaiser had took the the children under his care, I would never have met them. He apologized honestly, and I don’t blame him for this.

But then, why did he suddenly used a skill he had long forgotten?

“After getting to know you, signing a contract with you, albeit a temporary one, and making a connection with you, I had a sudden urge of wanting to meet up with you guys.”

“Eh… is that so?”

“That’s right. You don’t call for me at all, you know?”

“Ah, yes, that’s right.”

I have never summoned the Kaiser, because there are only a limited number of places where he can be summoned in the first place~

“I thought to myself, if I can’t get him to summon me, then I should try to do reverse summoning myself.”

“Eh, wait a minute! Come again?”

“I thought I would try to reverse summon you.”

“Reverse summoning? What is that? I have never heard of it!”

“It’s means, I intended to summon you to me.”

“That’s exactly what the name implies, isn’t it!”

So does that mean Joule and the others can summon me too? I’ll have to examine it in detail next time. Or rather, perhaps Joule and the others could take on human forms, too! Let’s look into the Humanification skill later!

“But you see, reverse summoning means that only Takumi, the contractor, can be summoned. That would mean separating you from the children.”

“That wouldn’t be good!”

“”Not good~!””

That would mean leaving the kids behind and suddenly disappearing, wouldn’t it?

If we were at the Ruven house, that would be one thing, but if we were outside the city, or in a dungeon, that would be dreadful!

“I know. That’s why I endured. And while I was trying to figure out what to do, I remembered the skill.”

“I see, so that’s how it happened.”

I’m sure Kaiser was very considerate of our situation.

I’m really glad I wasn’t the only one summon to him.

“Mhm, that’s how it is. I thought of going to see you myself recalled the Humanification skill. But when I started using it, I couldn’t even keep it up for half a day before I reverted back to my original form.”

“Half a day!? Eh, what about now, then? You wouldn’t suddenly revert back to your original form inside the city, would you?”

“I’m a hard worker. I can now stay in my human form for a few days without any problems!”

I don’t know how hard he was working on it, but if he could keep it for only half a day and it extended to a few days, he must have worked very hard.

“I see. You worked hard.”

“Mhm. By the way, Takumi, the way you speak is different from before.”

“Huh? Sorry… I mean, I apologize?”

“You don’t have to rephrase. I’d rather you speak the way you do now.”

“Oh, really? Well, I’ll take your word for it then.”

Certainly, I was speaking politely when we met before. I think I felt dwarfed by Kaiser, the Leviathan, so I was speaking politely. But today, to my surprise, my speech was casual.

“How many days have you been in your human form for? How many more days do you think you can stay that way?”

“Well, I think I’ll be fine for three more days, I think.”

“I see. Then stay in the city… Speaking of which, Kaiser, how did you get here and how did you enter the city?”

“N? I came running in a straight line, relying on the magic power of my scales that I had given to you for directions. This was the only human dwelling I had entered, but I got in by going over the wall before dawn.”

“……”

No way, to think he was trespassing. No, but is it otherwise impossible for the Kaiser to enter the city? It would be cute for the soldiers to stop him at the gate, but if they found out he was a Leviathan, all hell would break loose, and if they didn’t find out, I have a feeling that he would be unappraisable and all hell would break loose anyway.

“Umm… anyway, for the time being, be careful that people don’t see you going in and out of the city.”

“Mhm, I hear you.”

Let’s see if we can somehow get a guild card for Kaiser.

“So… what is it? Ahh, you will need some time to move out of sight, so you can undo your Humanification safely, so that would make one or two days at most, but would you like to take a look around the city?”

“Can I!?”

I invited Kaiser, who had probably never been to a human city before, to join us for a day or two of sightseeing. Then, Kaiser showed an overjoyed expression.

“Of course, you can—Right, Allen, Elena.”

“”Yeah!””

“Allen will show you around!”

“Elena will take you to see some fun places, too!”

“I will be in your care!”

The kids were also eager to show Kaiser around.

However, the sun will be setting soon, so we won’t be able to show him around in earnest until tomorrow.

Then, what about a place for Kaiser to stay? As expected, we can’t let Kaiser stay at the inn alone. But that doesn’t mean we can go to an inn… I’m sure people will object to that. Mainly Rebecca-san.

I wonder if it would be better to be honest here and negotiate with the Ruven family to let us take Kaiser to stay with us. I’m not going to tell them that he’s Leviathan, just that I bumped into someone I know.

“Kaiser, we don’t have much time left today, so we will have to wait until tomorrow to do a real tour of the city. Let’s give you a quick look around the town on our way home. And I don’t know how long you sleep, or what your habits are, but I know people sleep at night, so try to be as accommodating as possible.”

“Mm, I understand.”

At any rate, I have to make sure that the kids and Kaiser properly keep his true identity in the dark.




Chapter 382

“Welcome back. I heard you have a guest with you…… is that person Allen-chan and Elena-chan’s father?”

“Eh?”

“Mu?”

“”Uniyu?””

When I brought Kaiser over to the Ruven residence to confirm with Rebecca-san if he could stay with us, Rebecca-san made a surprising remark when she saw Kaiser.

Kaiser’s hair color was slightly lighter than the children’s, but the color combination of his hair and eyes was indeed the same.

“H, he’s not!?”

I hurriedly denied it.

“Oh my, is that so? If he really was the father, I thought we could have a little chat… I was so confused by the similarity of the coloring of the two that I was quick to assume that he was the father. I’m sorry.”

I was a little scared because Rebecca-san’s eyes weren’t smiling as she laughed.

Rebecca-san seems like someone who would lecture even the Water God-sama. Well, I would also love to have a word or two with him, so I guess we are the same.

“So, Takumi-san, who might this gentleman be? A friend of yours?”

“He’s my acquaintance and—”

“I am Kaiser. Albeit only temporary, I have formed a contract with Takumi.”

“A contract?”

“Umu, I—”

“Kaiser!”

“Mu?”

Rebecca-san asked me about Kaiser and I started to talk to her to introduce him, but Kaiser himself came forward. Moreover, I told him to keep quiet about being a Leviathan, but I didn’t mention anything about the contract, so Kaiser tried to introduce himself casually.

“Takumi-san, what did he mean by contract?”

“Err, yo usee…”

“I don’t see you as a business person, so it’s not a sales contract or anything like that, is it?”

“……”

I don’t feel like I can fool Rebecca-san, no matter how well I try to explain it to her.

“……”

What do do? What do I say?”

“Sheesh, Takumi-san~ You have got a big wrinkle between your eyebrows. Don’t be so anxious, I am definitely not trying to get it out of you, okay? I want you to stop lying and deceiving me, but I’m not going to force you to reveal your secrets. So if you tell me honestly that you can’t tell me, I won’t ask any more, okay?”

Rebecca-san’s is so magnanimous I felt like crying.

“Ah~… it’s going to be a tremendously shocking story, you see?”

“If Takumi-san is willing to talk about it, of course I will listen. If you don’t want me to tell anyone, I won’t leak it. But, Takumi-san, you don’t have to force yourself to talk.”

“I trust you, Rebecca-san, as I trust the rest of the Ruven family, so I can’t tell you everything… but I would like to tell you what I can!”

So we called Matthias-san and Wald-san over to introduce Kaiser once again.

Unfortunately, Velio-san and Almberia-san were not available, and Rosalie-san had just gotten married and I kept surprising her, so I decided to put them on hold, so it was just the three of them first.

“Takumi, what did you do this time?”

Wald-san spoke as if I have done something wrong as soon as he joined us.

“Why are you assuming that already!?”

“If anyone tells me they have something to say about you, of course I would assume you did something again.”

That’s too terrible of you.

“I didn’t do anything, okay?”

“I’m telling you, the children and your contracted beasts also belong to that area. Can you say again that you haven’t done anything?”

“……”

If you say that, then I can’t deny.

“So you did something again! N? I’ve never seen this one before. Is it something about him?”

“… Yeah. Let me explain.”

So I immediately told them about Kaiser in a direct manner.

“He’s Kaiser. I will omitt his race, but Kaiser is a monster I formed a contract with.”

“Hah!?”

The first to react was Wald-san. Matthias-san and Rebecca-san looked surprised without words.

“He’s currently using a skill called Humanification to look like this.”

As expected, I couldn’t tell them about him being a Leviathan.

“Humanification skill, huh… so it really exists.”

“Are you aware of it?”

“I remember reading about it in an old lore book. One Tamer’s monster that turned into a human being saved the country, hundreds of years ago.”

So there had been monsters that had been used Humanification and had been by people’s side before. Good thing there was a precedent!

“That is incredible. So the Humanification skill can make you look perfectly human?”

Rebecca-san seemed genuinely impressed.

“By the way, Takumi. You said you’re going to omit his race… we already know about Fenrir and Celestial Tiger, but if you’re going to keep quiet about his race, does that mean it’s even a bigger deal? Is that it?”

“… Hahaha~”

I got a sharp interjection from Wald-san.

Come to think of it, that’s right~ I’ve already divulged Fenrir, Celestial Tiger, and Scarlet King Leo, these big names, and to hide Kaiser’s race here is like saying he’s a super big deal, isn’t it~

“Takumi. Why don’t you just say it? These people are worthy of your trust, aren’t they? From now on, I plan to visit you guys often anyway.”

… I see, so Kaiser is planning to come by often? I didn’t mean to exclude him from the group, but I somehow assumed that Kaiser would be just an occasional visitor.

“… What should I do, Wald Niisan?”

“Y, you, why do you call me your big brother only at times like this…”

I looked at Wald-san, not sure if I should tell them or not.

“Let’s see~ if he’s even more incredible than Joule-chan and others… is he perhaps a dragon?”

“”Ohh~ great guess~””

“””……”””

As Wald-san and I were engaged in a silent attack, Rebecca-san quietly mentioned her prediction. Then, Allen and Elena easily answered.

Without saying a word, I, Matthias-san and Wald-san looked at each other.

“Then, there is a possibility that Joule-chan and the others will be able to take on human forms soon, no?”

“”Ohh! Will they?””

“We now know that this skill exists, so the chance is not zero.”

“”Can’t wait!””

The children and Rebecca-san were happily carrying on a conversation without regard to our reactions.

… Rebecca-san, you really are a magnanimous person, with a lot of guts… I once again reaffirmed that she was a really dependable person.




Chapter 383

“Rather than that! Allen, Elena! I told you not to expose Kaiser’s race! You can’t say something like ‘great guess’ when talking about his race!”

“”Ah!””

“Gee~ exposing it this time won’t be a problem, but if it were anywhere else, there would be a huge uproar!”

“”Ehehe~””

“Make sure to be careful next time!”

“”Yess~””

It’s okay that this time, since we were in the flow of “Let’s talk about it…”, but it would be a problem if someone pointed out that “Is he a dragon?” and they said, “Correct” when they really shouldn’t have said it. That’s why I cautioned them properly.

“Takumi-kun, is this Kaiser really a dragon?”

“Yeah, well… he’s from dragon species.”

He’s from a species near the top of the dragon family.

“Like the other children, I’m amazed that you were able to contract him.”

Matthias-san looked impressed.

“Actually… Joule and the other kids were given to me by a friend, so I wasn’t really able to contract them because of my ability. Kaiser too, I was able to contract him only because he brought it up himself.”

“Eh, is that so?”

“Indeed.”

When I explained, I was slightly depressed because I was reminded that it wasn’t my ability.

The only contracts I have signed on my own so far… were the Pastel Rabbits.

“Uhm, so just to confirm, this Kaiser? Kaiser-dono? Ah! Geez! Can I talk normally!? Or should I be speaking politely!?”

Wald-san started to speak, but he didn’t know what kind of attitude to take toward Kaiser, so he got confused.

Wald-san wondered if he should be friendly to Kaiser, who is my contracted beast, like the other children, or should be polite to him so that he would not be angered, since he was a dragon.

“Err, what do you think, Kaiser?”

“N? Just call me Kaiser, casually. No need to change the way you talk to me.”

I don’t know how Kaiser wants to be treated either, so I asked him (the dragon), and he said that they can treat him casually.

“That would be helpful. So, Kaiser had a contract with Takumi for a long time, right? But the fact that we’ve never met means that you’ve been going your separate ways. Why did you come all of a sudden? Were you doing some task that you finished, so you came back?”

“Umu. It’s simple. I just wanted to see Takumi!”

“O, ou… I see.”

Kaiser answers Wald-san’s question with his chest puffed out.

Perhaps because the response was unexpected, Wald-san was slightly dismayed.

“Well, whatever the case, if Kaiser is going to spend time in town, make sure he knows what the rules are over here. If something goes wrong, it will be your responsibility, no matter what, Takumi!”

“I understand. I’ll make sure to teach him well.”

“Umu. I don’t want to cause any trouble for Takumi either. I’ll be careful.”

Wald-san reminded us to be careful. Well, it was a reminder for me.

“It looks the discussion is settled. Let’s have dinner together then.”

After we all finished dinner, Rebecca-san prepared a guest room with two beds for Kaiser. I can only say that Rebecca-san’s arrangement to prepare double beds instead of a single one, anticipating that I would not leave Kaiser alone on his first sleepover, was a good one.

“I’m Kiaser, the Leviathan. Pleased to meet you.”

Since Rosalie-san and the others were also present at the dining table, it was now time to introduce Kaiser to Joule and the others.

Everyone introduced themselves individually.

“Takumi’s contracted beasts are quite proper~ They’re still kids, so I’m looking forward to seeing their growth.”

“Ah, Kaiser. Joule, Feat, and Vector are small because of their skill, so it’s not like they are children.”

“Whut?”

I think they are adult animals according to their true body size… Come to think of it, I didn’t check with them properly. I’m sure they are young adults, right?

“Hey, how old does a contracted beast need to be, to be considered an adult…?”

“We are usually treated as adults after our first year. That being said, if you ask a real adult animal, they will still call us youngsters~”

Around a year? That’s a pretty early age to be treated as an adult animal.

But, well, I’m now sure that Joule and the others are all adults, in a sense.

“……”

“What is it, Kaiser?”

Kaiser, who had mistaken Joule and the others for children, suddenly fell silent.

“… Kaiser?”

“… Umu. I also have this Miniaturization skill.”

“Huh?”

After he fell into silence, he spilled something unexpected next.

… He can use the Miniaturization skill, too?

“Eh, then, can you turn smaller like Joule and others?”

“Umu. Probably.”

“……”

Here, a new shocking fact was revealed.

“I would like to see how small you can get, but I think you would have to go back to your original form once… so you can’t do it right now. Kaiser, you can try it when you get back to the ocean. So see how much smaller you can get.”

“Umu.”

“Depending on your size, you might be able to stay with us for a long time, just like Joule and others.”

“Oh, right! I will try it immediately upon my return!”

If he, who is as big as a large building could only get small as a small house, it would be indeed impossible to take him around with us, so we need to verify how small he can get first.

The ideal size to carry around with us would be the size to wrap around our necks like a scarf.

“Ah, and also check if it is possible to go from humanized form to the shrunken one directly.”

“Roger that.”

If he has to go back to his original size first, we will have to be careful.

“Still… today was a day full of surprises~”

“”Surprises~””

“So, Kaiser, we will be showing you around town tomorrow, is there anywhere you would like to go or do?”

“Let’s see~ I’m interested in people’s food. The food we were served earlier was quite good, but I would like to try more.”

“Is your usual diet raw meat?”

“Umu, monster meat. The best thing I have tested so far was a Sapphire Dragon.”

“”Dragon!””

The children’s eyes twinkled at the mention of dragon meat.

“Allen wants to eat it too!”

“Elena as well!”

“Mu? But Sapphire Dragons are quite difficult to find. It’s an occasional treat for me too. I’ll bring you a Blue Dragon as a present one of these days.”

“”Really?””

“Umu, I do not lie.”

“”Thank you! Looking forward to it!””

“You can count on me!”

I don’t know what’s going on, but it looks like I’m going to get my hands on some dragon meat.

“Kaiser, are Blue Dragons so easily found to make this promise so casually?”

“Blue Dragons are the lower class of dragons. There are a lot of them.”

“Eh, lower-class? All dragons have a high rank, don’t they?”

“From a human’s point of view, even a Blue Dragon would be a reasonably powerful being.”

According to Kaiser, there are different grades of dragons: lower, middle, and higher. In terms of Water Dragons, the lower rank is the Blue Dragon, the middle rank is the Water Dragon, and the higher rank is the Sapphire Dragon. And the one who stands at the top among Water Dragons is the Water Dragon King. That is Kaiser.

Even though they are the same Water Dragon species, they don’t have much camaraderie, and it doesn’t look like they are all friends or anything.

He apparently gets along well with some… or rather, they become his subordinates, while others are bloodthirsty and quarrelsome, who get beaten to the ground by him.

And so, the present he wants to bring back would be one of those beaten dragons.

“So, is there a Dragon King for each attribute, then?”

“I don’t think so. I have never met one, but the ocean is vast. It is possible that they exist somewhere.”

“I see~”

Incidentally, wyvern is a general term for dragons that fly in the sky, while non-flying dragons are called drakes. So, it turns out that the wyvern Charo that we know is actually a Brown Dragon in terms of race.

The scales of dragons are colored according to their attributes, so the Ochre-colored Charo is an Earth Dragon.

This means that the wyvern in the castle were actually of various races. There were reddish ones and greenish ones, too.

Next time I see wyverns at the castle, I will remember to appraise them.




Chapter 384

The next day, we showed Kaiser around town.

“Here is the weapon shop~”

“And here is where they make chairs and stuff~”

“Houhou. Something smells good over there. What is that place?”

“”Bakery!””

The children took turns introducing the stores, and Kaiser, attracted by the smell, wandered over to the bakery.

“There are all kinds of stuff in here~ Can I eat whatever I want from what they have there?”

“No, you can’t~”

“You need money to pay for it~”

“Money? What’s money?”

I see. Kaiser doesn’t know about the concept of money. But, well, it’s given.

“Money is, well… a kind of tool to exchange for other things.”

It is difficult to explain about money right from the beginning, isn’t it~

“Err, ‘selling’ means offering something and getting money for it. When we offer money to get something, it is called ‘buying’… We sell the fangs and skins of monsters we get to the store to get money, and then we use the money to buy bread. Well, there are other ways to get money, but remember that you need money to get what you want.”

“Humm, I see, I understand.”

I explained as concisely as I could.

“So monsters can be turned into money. If that’s the case, my scales and other things can be sold for money, right?”

“… Well~ I think you shouldn’t do that~”

If you sell Leviathan’s scales, you will make a big fuss.

Moreover, it would attract a lot of attention.

“Mu? You mean I can’t sell my scales?”

“No, no. You will get a great deal of money for one scale. For sure.”

“Really!”

Kaiser was a little disappointed that he couldn’t sell them, but knowing he can—Wah♪… he showed a joyous expression on his face with flowers fluttering behind him in the background.

“Yeah. It’s just not something you often see, so I think it might raise quite the ruckus. Rather, it certainly will!”

“… I don’t like ruckus.”

Kaiser looked reluctant, as he seemed to have a dislike for noisy places.

Even though he’s a Leviathan… he has a lot of human expressions, which makes him easy to understand. Well, it’s better than being expressionless.

“Anyway, you don’t have to think of ways to get money, Kaiser. If there’s anything you want, just tell me. Let’s start with bread, then.—Allen, Elena, pick out the bread with him.”

“”Okay!””

Allen and Elena pulled Kaiser’s hand and entered the bakery.

“Ohh~”

“This one is white bread~”

“This is brown bread~”

“Fumufumu. So, what’s this one?”

“”Erm… what was it again?”

“Haha. It’s the whole wheat bread.”

“”That!””

For some reason, Allen and Elena could not remember the whole wheat bread. Well, basically all we eat is white bread, buns and stuffed bread, so they did not have many opportunities to eat it.

“Fumufumu. I see, there are many varieties. N? This one smells a little sweet.”

“”It’s jam buns!””

“Hoh~ jam buns? Is it tasty?”

“”It’s sweet and yummy!””

Allen and Elena look entranced, with palms on their cheeks.

Seeing the children like that, Kaiser’s expression twinkled.

“I see, so it’s yummy. I would like to try that.”

“Roger that. Just the jam buns, then? Or is there more you would like to try?”

“Please!”

“Allen wants to eat, too~”

“Elena also~”

Allen and Elena raised their hands and insisted, as if to say that it was unfair that only Kaiser got to eat.

“Kaiser, there are a lot of food stalls and food vendors in this district. I’m going to buy everything you are interested in, so can you share a little of each with the kids? If I buy everything you want to eat for the kids, they won’t be able to finish it all. Ah, if you don’t want to share, you can refuse.”

“I don’t mind. Kids, why don’t we eat together then?”

“”Yes! Thank you!””

“Umu, good reply.”

This is what I think, but Kaiser’s food intake is probably so large that he will be able to buy and eat food from a variety of stalls. Of course, the kids will want to eat the same food. But buying all of that for the kids as well would surely be over their capacity.

They could share with me, but I think that Kaiser would probably still outweigh the amount of food I can eat by a lot, so I negotiated with Kaiser from the beginning. I’m sure this would have prevented a future where the kids ate too much and had stomach problems…

“Well, let’s get the buns first.”

We took the buns we bought and headed for the area with many stalls.

“Ohh~ I can smell the delicious smells coming from all over the place~”

“Well then, which one do you want to try first?”

“Umu…”

Kaiser compared the various stalls and began to look seriously troubled.

“… You don’t have to worry that much, it’s not like you can’t eat anything but what you choose.”

“No, however…”

“By the way, if you like something, you can always buy it again later.”

“Ohh! I see!”

Kaiser’s eyes lit up.

I wanted to think it was my imagination, but I had a feeling that Kaiser was also surprisingly a glutton.

“”Kaiser, Kaiser.””

“N?”

“Allen wants to eat that!”

“Elena likes that!”

“Umu, both looks delicious. Let’s try them.”

“”Yay~””

Allen and Elena pull Kaiser’s hand and head for the stalls.

“Takumi, what’s this?”

“It’s grilled skewers. What kind of meat is this, Mister?”

“We have Horn Rabbits today. It’s seasoned with either curry salt or herb salt, both of which have recently become available!”

“”Curry salt!””

Allen and Elena’s eyes lit up at the mention of curry salt. They both love curry flavor.

Or rather, they seem to be using the Easy Salt Series. Is it becoming much more popular?

Kaiser, on the other hand, looked slightly disappointed when he heard that it was Horn Rabbit. Well, Horn Rabbit meat will be of lower quality compared to Dragon~

“What do you want? Curry salt one? Both?”

“”Both!””

“Yes, yes.—Mister, I apologize for the small order, but please give me one of each.”

“I don’t mind. You are trying foods at various stalls, aren’t you? There are a lot of people like you, who eat small portions because they visit various stalls.—Here, thanks for the wait! Be careful, it’s hot.”

“”Thank you!””

The owner handed each child one of the skewers.

The children immediately shared the skewer with Kaiser.

“Mu? Mumu?”

“How is it? Does it suit your tastes?”

“I thought Horn Rabbit meat wasn’t much, but this is pretty good!”

He seemed to have liked it.

“”Let’s get that one next~!””

“Umu, right! Takumi, please!”

“Yes, yes.”

The kids and Kaiser were eating their way through the stalls, one after the other, trying to conquer it all.

“Are you satisfied?”

“”Satisfied~””

“Umu. I still feel like I haven’t eaten enough, but I’m generally satisfied!”

If he is satisfied with this amount of food, Kaiser must be eating a little more than the average adult male?

I put the additional food I secretly bought from the stalls we visited in my Infinite Storage just in case he wouldn’t have enough, but it seems there is no need for it.

“Then, let’s go back home while looking around the stores.”

“”Okay~””

We decided to return to the Ruven residence, taking a different path than the one we came in on.




Chapter 385

Second day of sightseeing. Today, we were going to places recommended by the children.

Unless there was an incident and a checkpoint was set up, it is not common to be asked for identification when going out of town. So Kaiser slipped through the gate together with us, and we got on Joule and friends at an out-of-the-way place.

“Where are we going?”

“”Secret~””

And so, we arrived at the… Dungeon of Large Animals”.

That’s so Allen and Elena, if you ask me!

“… Hm? This piled up magic power… ahh, so it’s a dungeon!”

“Are you knowledgeable about dungeons, Kaiser?”

“I’ve only seen it, because they were also underwater. But I’ve never entered. Or rather, I couldn’t get in. I see, I can go inside now!”

Kaiser looked thrilled.

Well, with Kaiser’s original size, he wouldn’t be able to go through the entrance of the dungeons, right? Then it’s no wonder he’s never been in one. So, it seems that the children’s guidance was not far off the mark.

“I think there are only very weak monsters from your point of view, but… would you still like to try?”

“Umu, I want to try. Let’s check it out.”

If the Kaiser was okay with it, there was no reason for me to object, so we decided to enter the dungeon right away.

“Hou, hou, I see. So this is what it looks like inside.”

Kaiser looked around with interest.

“This is the first floor’s hall. And that is the transfer device. In this dungeon, there are ten levels, and you can go back and forth between them. However, you can only use the device to get to the floors you have been at.”

“Fumu. Then, I can’t use it yet, can I?”

“That’s right.”

“Well, it’s my first time here, and I think I’ll enjoy it better if I go in order!”

The children urged us to go quickly, and we entered the first level.

“Mu? Something’s coming.”

“It’s Horn Rabbit.”

“Ohh! Horn Rabbit! If we defeat it, we can eat yesterday’s skewers!”

He was quick to say that. Kaiser launched a Water Ball in a very fast motion. Immediately after that—boom… and a huge explosion resounded through the dungeon. There was also a huge cloud of dust.

“Kaiser! That’s too powerful! Hold back a little more with your output!”

“”(((((Ohh~ amazing~)))))””

“It’s difficult to hold back. The meat I’ve just found is…”

This is my guess, but the Horn Rabbit must have burst into little pieces.

In contrast to my panic, the kids look impressed.

“Mu? Ohh!? Takumi, Takumi! What’s that?”

“Ah, that’s loot.”

“”Meat~””

When the area cleared, Kaiser saw a package of leaves in the place of the Horn Rabbit.

The Horn Rabbit was torn into pieces, but the drop item did not seem to be affected.

“That’s how you get loot in the dungeon.”

I picked up the package and unwrapped it.

“The loot you obtain is random, so it could be horn or pelt, but this dungeon has a nickname: ‘Dungeon of Meat’ because of the high probability of finding meat. So, I’m sure this one will also be…—”

I opened the package to show Kaiser that the contents were probably meat… Then, we found a generous amount of ground meat inside for some reason.

“… Well, that’s new.”

“”Ohh~””

“… The meat got broken into a lump of pieces.”

“So you can also get ground meat, huh~”

If the monster that the loot dropped from got shattered into pieces, will ground meat drop?

“Mumu… does a lump of meat drop normally? Does this count as a failure, then?”

“Nono, you got it all wrong.”

“Is that so? Weren’t you surprised that something you cannot use dropped?”

“This meat can be used. There are times when I mince the meat like this on my own, too.”

“Hamburg!”

“Fried minced cake!”

(And curry! It was in a bread!)

(Buns! Those were yummy, too!)

As I explain to Kaiser that ground meat is something that can be used, Allen and Elena, Joule and Vector named specific dishes.

Even if I had only cooked it a few times, they could remember it well.

“All of them are dishes I’ve never heard of! Do all of them use this shattered meat?”

“”((That’s right!))””

“Fumu, then we’ll have to get some more of this shattered meat!—Oh, here it comes.”

A Horn Rabbit appeared at just the right moment, so Kaiser immediately defeated it as he did before. In the end, there was no trace left of it.

“How is it, Takumi?”

“Err… oh, it’s ground meat again.”

“Ohh, so we got it!”

I wonder if different ways of defeating monsters affect the loot they drop?

“Kaiser, try taking it easy next time.”

“Got it.”

The next time, I asked Kaiser to beat it with less force, and what we got was a lump of meat.

So, the next time, I had him beat him without leaving a trace, and we got ground meat again.

By the way, Kaiser did all the fighting. Usually, the children who would run out the first chance they got… were quiet. Is it because Kaiser was leading them today? If it was always like this, I would have a little more to do~

“The loot you get depends on how you defeat monsters… what a mysterious place this dungeon is.”

“It certainly is a mysterious place… but I have never heard of the loot changing depending on how you beat the monsters.”

“”Never heard~””

“Is that so?”

“Yep, this is the first.”

It’s not impossible that not all adventurers know this information… but I have never heard of it before.

“Then, do you want to experiment some more?”

“Yeah. Let’s do that.”

After that, we proceeded through the dungeon, defeating the monsters in various ways.

As I had expected, when Kaiser defeated the monsters without any restraint, he always got ground meat. So, perhaps my hypothesis was correct. However, neither I nor the children were able to smash the monsters into tiny pieces without leaving a trace, so I could not verify it!

This time, I also learned that the act of… killing living beings without leaving a trace of them is difficult unless you are of a high level.

Well, at any rate, those who come to the dungeon would rather get lumps of meat than ground meat, so I guess it doesn’t matter if they can’t chop the monsters up into little pieces!

“Well then, I think it’s time for a meal. What would you like to eat?”

“I want something with this ground meat!”

“Allen too!”

“Elena as well!”

“Roger that. Let’s see~ Speaking in terms of ease of preparation, I would say curry, or… Saboro gohan (ground meat bowl)?”

“”Soboro gohan! What’s that!””

The children were quick to show interest in the dish I had never made before.

“It’s sweet and salty fried minced meat on top of rice. Oh, how about a three-colored rice bowl with stir-fried egg and Ena grass?”

“”((That sound sgood!))””

“”Three-colored bowl?””

“Are you okay with that too, Kaiser?”

“Umu. For me, any kind of dish is new. I’ll have whatever the kids want.”

So I made a quick three-color rice bowl.

It was a simple dish, but the kids loved it, as did Kaiser.




Chapter 386

After eating dinner, we resumed the capture of the dungeon, and at the sixth floor, we naturally took the hidden route. Well, I drew plenty of Nippy Liquor while were there.

Kaiser was also interested in the Nippy Liquor, but I desperately tried to stop him from drinking it here because the effects of drinking it all would be immeasurable. Then, as a compromise, I handed him a magic bag to fill full of the liquor. I told him to drink it after he got back to the sea.

“Waterball.”

By the time we had completed the sixth floor, Kaiser had become much more disciplined, so he was no longer bursting monsters into little pieces.

“Oh, Takumi, we got some pretty big chunk of meat.”

“Indeed. I think I will slice it into thick pieces and serve it as a steak.”

“What is a steak?”

“It’s just grilled meat. But you can season it in many ways.”

You can simply use salt and pepper, the Simple Salt Series, garlic shoyu, butter shoyu, grated ponzu, sweet sauce, and even the yakiniku sauce… it can be seasoned in many ways.

“Why don’t we have barbecue before you leave? That way we can eat different kinds of meat with different flavors, and maybe we can find out what kind of flavors you prefers, Kaiser.”

“Ohh! I’m looking forward to it!”

“”((Yess~ Yay~))””

When I said that I was going to do barbecue, Kaiser, of course, was delighted, but so were the children.

“Since that’s the case, we will need more meat!”

“”Yeah!””

“Nono, we already got all kinds of meat!”

(You can’t say that, Oniichan. There’s a lot more around!)

“I’m telling you that we have enough!”

“Alright, let’s go, everyone!”

“”((Ohh~!))””

They wouldn’t listen to me.

With Kaiser in the lead, Allen and Elena, Joule and Vector ran off in search of meat.

(Niisama, you won’t be able to stop them in a dungeon, anyway.)

(That’s right. Since it came to this, you would be more peaceful to let them act freely.)

(Indeed! I don’t think they will stop no matter what you say!)

“That’s true. Shall we chase after them, then?”

(((Okay~)))

I chased after the kids who ran ahead with Feat, Bolt, and Mile.

“Takumi, you finally came. Here, more meat.”

“Eh, you have already killed this many?”

As soon as we caught up with the children, Kaiser handed me a large amount of meat.

“Oniichan, this too~”

“I also have more~”

Allen and Elena were also busy bringing in the meat they had acquired.

“There’s more!?”

“We just happened to run into a flock.”

“”There were so many~””

“Is htat so? I didn’t hear any heavy fighting, though!?”

“We cleaned them up all in no time, you know.”

I know that with Allen, Elena, Kaiser, Joule and Vector, it would have been over in no time, even if they had been swarmed! But isn’t it strange that there was hardly any thud, bang or boom sound?

“It was over so easily… Well, that’s okay. You simply have that much combat potential. I just wondered how you beat them.”

“Well, if you cut them up with magic, they won’t make that much noise.”

I see. So they didn’t use Waterball or any other kind of magic that would make a bang, but they did it with a cutting magic. No wonder there wasn’t much noise.

“”Ah!””

While I was listening to the explanation, it seemed that another monster appeared, and the children were prepared to defeat it.

“”Water Blade.””

“Nn!?”

The Water Blade that Allen and Elena released cut off the head of the Jumbo Elk that was coming toward us in a blink of an eye. And with almost no sound at all.

“Wait a minute!? Eh, what was that just now!!”

“It’s a higher version of a Water Cutter, I guess?”

“Ah, yes, I know that it’s that kind of magic. I wasn’t asking about that, I was asking how the twins know how to use that magic…”

“N? I taught them just a little while ago.”

“When!?”

Kaiser was teaching the children magic.

“But, that’s how it happened, huh. When you ran into the herd, you used that magic to cut them up, didn’t you?”

“Umu, that’s right.”

That explains why the battle was so quiet.

“You were able to master it properly. Keep it up, kids.”

“”Yeah!””

“Alright, let’s continue.”

(Me too, me too!)

(Me too!)

“Umu, umu, I know.”

At first, Kaiser was curious about the dungeon and was fighting ahead of the pack, but now it seems that he has begun to focus on teaching the children.

(They don’t intend to stop, huh.)

(Indeed. They seem to be having a lot of fun.)

(They are so excited!)

Just as Feat, Bolt, and Mile had expected, they continued collecting meat at large.

However, after defeating the boss of the tenth floor, due to the time Kaiser could stay in human form, the dungeon attack came to an end.

“”Ehh~””

“It can’t be helped. After the steak tasting, it’s time for Kaiser to go home.”

Well, Allen and Elena would have been willing to go all the way to the bottom, but as expected, it was impossible to conquer the intermediate level dungeon in a single day.

So we left the dungeon and started a barbecue party at a place away from the highway.

“Ohh! This is tasty.”

“This one is yummy, too~”

“This is tasty as well~”

Kaiser tried all the flavors, but he liked them all and could not decide on the best one. But he remembered the names of all the flavors, which made it easier for him to request what he wanted next time.

“Umu, Takumi, I had a lot of fun.”

“I’m glad to hear that. Have a safe trip. Also, do you remember what to do the next time you come?”

It was decided that the next time he comes, he will Humanize and then call out to me with Telepathy and I will summon him over…

“Umu, I know. Next time I’ll gather plenty of gold from the sea and bring it back to you so you can feed me all sorts of things again.”

Kaiser was completely pleased with the food.

I gave him a couple of meals, but it looks like he won’t have enough… But unfortunately, Kaiser’s magic bag is time sensitive, so I couldn’t give him too much.

It might be better to prepare for his Telepathy to arrive sooner than later.

“”Dragon~””

“Umu, umu, Water Dragon, I know. I haven’t forgotten about it. I’ll bring you some fresh ones.”

“”Yeah!””

Allen and Elena reminded him not to forget their souvenir dragon.

“No, seriously! Kaiser, I urge you not to be overly enthusiastic about this!”

“N? Takumi, don’t be so reserved~ You and I, Takumi, are friends! Don’t be shy! Oops, if we talk too long, I will transform back before I reach the sea! So long!”

Kaiser gallantly ran toward the sea.

The next time Kaiser comes, things are going to be dreadful.




Chapter 387

“Allen, Elena, I have two questions for you.”

“”What is it~?””

“It’s almost your birthday.”

“”Seven!””

“That’s right. So, we are going to celebrate with everyone again, what would you like to eat then? That’s the first question I want to ask you.”

Allen and Elena will soon celebrate their seventh birthday.

We plan to throw a birthday party of sorts, but as expected, it will not be a surprise this time. So, I discussed the food to be served at the party with them. I want something that both of them would want to eat.

“The second question I have, is there anything you want for the celebration?”

The other thing is birthday presents. I have my own ideas, but I will ask if there is anything they want, just in case.

“”N~…””

The two of them tilted their heads and began to seriously consider my questions.

“”……””

“W, well, you don’t have to think about it so seriously, just feel free to say whatever comes to mind, okay?”

“”Nn~~~””

There was no response from Allen and Elena, who were still troubled.

“”Ah!””

“Have you come up with something?”

“”Yea!””

The children, who had been thinking for a while, gave me a look that said, “Got an idea!”, so I immediately asked them what it was.

“Something you want to eat? Some item?”

“”Item!””

Apparently, they had a better idea of what they wanted as a present.

“”You know what, you know what!”

“Allen.”

“Elena.”

“”Wants a dungeon!””

I was astonished to hear their answers.

“D, dungeon…?”

“”Right! Dungeon!”

“That’s something you wish for?”

“”Wish for!””

That was something too unexpected.

As you can imagine, I can’t give them a dungeon as a gift~

“I, I don’t think dungeons can be owned as private possessions, so I don’t think that would be possible~…”

“”Can’t~?””

“… Yeah.”

I was wondering how I could get Allen and Elena to understand that it was a no-go, when—

“”I see~””

The children seemed to be convinced in a matter-of-fact manner.

“Eh… perhaps, you knew that it was no good?”

“”Somehow?””

“… I, I see.”

I didn’t need to explain, they both knew. They are very understanding children, which is very helpful.

“Wanna go.”

“To a dungeon.”

“We have already promised to visit a dungeon the next time, no?”

“”Wanna go more!””

“……”

They gave up on the private ownership of a dungeon, but they are asking me to take them to more dungeons instead?

The twins say it like it’s going to an amusement park or a zoo, but… basically, dungeons are basically dangerous places, you know~

“Any, anyway, let’s discuss which dungeon we should visit next?”

“”Yeah!””

We have a promise to go to an advanced dungeon to look for a magic ring, but we haven’t decided where to go yet. Let’s decide on that in detail while we’re on the subject.

“Let’s see, the advanced dungeons that the Guild is aware of right now are…”

I took out the list of discovered dungeons given to me by the Guild.

“Oh, come to think of it, we haven’t been to the advanced dungeon of Guardia yet~”

There are a total of five dungeons found in Guardia. The Lower level dungeons: “Dungeon of Earth” and “Dungeon of Snow.” The Intermediate level dungeons: “Dungeon of Ripples” and the “Dungeon of Large Animals”. The Advanced level dungeon, “Dungeon of Scorching Heat.” There are two that we haven’t been to.

“Wanna go there!”

“Where is it, where is it?”

“Dungeon of Scorching Heat. It’s a fire-type dungeon, and it’s located… just between the Capital and Town of Bailey.”

“When do we go?”

“Right now?”

“We cannot go right now~ We’re celebrating your birthdays, and I was planning to go to the auction after the New Year.”

We can’t go right now because I have already made plans.

“”Auction? What’s that~?””

“I didn’t tell you two about that yet, did I? If I say auction, you wouldn’t understand, would you? Let’s see… it’s a gathering where a lot of rare items go up for sale and they are sold to the people with the highest bid. I’m supposed to go together with Al-sama.”

“”Rare items?””

“That’s right. I’m going to go there because there might be some things I’ve never seen before. Do you two want to go?”

“”Hmm, wanna go!””

Good. I wondered what I would do if they said they didn’t want to go to the auction with me.

“Then, the next dungeon we will go to is the Dungeon of Scorching Heat, and we will go there after the auction.”

“”Alright~””

I’ve never been to a labyrinth with the fire attribute. Just hearing about it, it sounds like a hot place, so we have to be prepared for the heat! But I have no idea what to prepare. For now, let’s prepare a lot of cold drinks and ice cream.

“Ah, what to do! We have decided without consulting Joule and others~”

“”Ah!””

“They probably wouldn’t say no, but…”

I immediately decided to call Joule and the others and talk to them.

(I’m fine with that place!)

(Yes, me as well.)

(I don’t mind!)

(I don’t care where, as long as I can go to the dungeon!)

(I fine with that, too!)

“I see. That’s good. Let’s go there after we finish our scheduled activities.”

Then, no one objected. The contracted beasts were all good children, too.

(But I’d like to go back to the wooden dungeon we visited before.)

(The Entwined Dungeon.)

“Yes, I remember we talked about going there again.”

(Takumi Nii, I would like to continue with the Dungeon of Colors, too!)

(Me too, me too! That place looked amusing, so I wanna go there again!)

“That’s for sure. It was a dungeon that made you wonder what the next floor would look like~”

“”Was fun!””

The “Entwined Dungeon” and “Dungeon of Colors”, huh~ There are many places to visit!

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“N? What is it?”

“Is that all dungeons.”

“In this country~?”

“There’s still another dungeon in Guardia that was discovered, the Lower level dungeon, ‘Dungeon of Snow’.”

“”Let’s go there~””

“Eh?”

I thought all agreed that we could not go to a dungeon right now because of our schedule, but… were they not actually convinced?

“Lower level!”

“Will be over soon!”

“Nn!?”

(That sounds good! If you let me and Feat take care of the transportation, it won’t take too long, and the Lower level dungeon will be easy to conquer!)

“Ehh!?”

Ah, darn it! The Lower level dungeon won’t take too long to conquer, so let’s go there in between our schedules!? Is that what they are saying!?

“Allen and Elena’s birthday!”

“A little further away!”

“Ahh, yeah…”

Are they saying… to postpone the celebration to a few days late?

“”Oniichan!””

I couldn’t say no to the appealing look in their eyes.




Chapter 388

“”We are here~!””

We were now in front of the Dungeon of Snow.

The reason for this is that I had been defeated by the children’s eager “Let’s go there right away” expressions.

“”Arrived fast!””

(Ahhem! I told you so. I’m growing day by day, too!)

(Fufu, I am glad to be of service~)

The Dungeon of Snow was located southeast of the Capital. It was located between the town of Alveil and the port city Yolan, which I heard of before when boarding the ship, but we have never been there before.

Depending on the means of transportation, it could take several days at the earliest, but with Joule and Feat, it only took about an hour to get here… they seem to be moving a lot faster these days.

(Even though we could get here even faster if you rode on me~)

“Y, you know, I feel much safer with you around to take care of the monsters on the way, Vector~”

(Safer?)

“Yes, safer. Since you are with us to take care of danger, we don’t have to stop every encounter, which saves us a lot of time.”

(I see~~~)

Vector was a little sulky, but when I praised him, he wagged his tail happily and followed the children toward the entrance of the dungeon.

(Niisama, you tricked him successfully.)

Feat approached me and whispered. She seemed to have noticed that I have done my best to change the subject.

In fact, I have never ridden on Vector’s back before. I mean, I believe Vector would run out of control as usual, even if we were riding on his back. If he just ran fast, it would be fine, but if we encountered a monster, we would definitely run toward it, and if there was an obstacle, he would probably jump over it.

In this respect, Joule and Feat, when they are carrying us, either do not participate in the battle as much as possible, or if they have to, they use magic. If there is an obstacle in their path, they will avoid it splendidly. They are very considerate.

With that in mind, it’s normal to default to Joule or Feat to carry us, after all.

“Don’t tell anyone, Feat. That I tricked Vector, I mean.”

(Fufu, I understand.)

Feet giggled and snuggled up to me, so I rubbed her head.

“Oniicha~n.”

“Quickly~!”

The children shouted from the entrance of the dungeon.

(Too bad. I wanted you to pet me a little more, but they seem unable to wait any longer.)

“Indeed~ they really love dungeons, don’t they~”

(Oh my, I also like it quite a bit.)

“Eh, is that so?”

(You get to see the children being lively a lot, after all.)

“Yeah, that’s for sure.”

In the dungeon, children are having a lot of fun, so it’s very lively.

Just like Feat said, it’s very heartwarming to see~

“… But, the level difference~”

(Level? Are they going to catch up again? Niisama, how big of a difference is there?)

“… We are the same level.”

(… Oh my.)

We are just barely keeping the same level for now. Really! Really, just barely!

Depending on what they do in this “Dungeon of Snow,” I will be overtaken.

“I’m hoping to make up for it somewhere, but…”

(Those children don’t give up much leeway when it comes to combat, right~)

“Exactly. And so, since they won’t let me, I’d like to sneak in some leveling…”

(That would be difficult. Both of them like to stick to you a lot.)

When I showed a distant look on my face just thinking about it, Feat chuckled.

“Although I’m concerned about the level difference as well, objectively speaking, I think it’s a very bad to let the kids fight and have me, their guardian, stand by and watch.”

(Niisama! We need to fix that some way! Don’t worry, we are on your side!)

“……”

Feat was desperately trying to cheer me up, but the children came over to get us, telling us that we were “too slow,” so my depression ended right there.

“”So white~!””

We passed through the first transfer device, entered the first level, and found ourselves in a snowfield with a light blanket of snow.

(It’s sparkly~ So dazzling~)

The brilliant sunlight reflected off the snow dazzled Vector, making him squint his eyes.

“So far, it’s not that cold here.”

I thought that the dungeon would be absolutely cold because it’s called “Dungeon of Snow,” so I had prepared for the cold weather, but it did not feel that cold at the first floor of the dungeon.

Well, it is unlikely to be freezing on the first floor of a lower level dungeon~

“I think you will get warmer once you start moving a little, would you like to take off your scarves?”

“”Take it off~””

Allen and Elena quickly removed their scarves and tucked them into their pouches.

“”Put it aw, a bunny~!””

I think the children wanted to say “”Put it away~”” with their both hands raised up, but their words were cut short, and they ran vigorously toward the Snow Rabbit they had found. And then, they kicked the Snow Rabbit with all their might.

(What quick movements~)

(But, I think they went a little overboard.)

(The Snow Rabbit got blown away.)

(Ah, did the loot get blown away too!?)

(The two of them are rushing to pick it up!)

Because the Snow Rabbit had been kicked so far away, the location where the loot was found was also quite the distance away. Allen and Elena looked at each other for a moment and then went to pick up the dropped item.

“”Put it away~! Ah, that’s not it. Defeated it~!””

Allen and Elena came back with smiles on their faces, but it was unclear whether “I put it away” meant that they had put away the scarves… or that they made a blunder. Well, I don’t mind either way.

“Welcome back. Did you make a little blunder, perhaps,”

“”A little one~””

Allen and Elena laughed in deceit, handing me a handkerchief-sized piece of fur.

“The loot is fur, I see. It’s pure white and looks very pretty, but it’s a little too small. Well, it’s the first floor after all, I guess that’s how things are going to be.”

“”Usable~?””

“I guess it’s enough for an accessory or something? That, or we could sew a few of these together?”

The quality was not very good, but it could be used for something.

“Gather.”

“A lot?”

“If we keep walking around looking for monsters, we’re going to run out of time, you know?”

It’s not that we are running out of time… but as expected, we don’t have the luxury of taking it easy.

“”Right~””

“I’m glad you remember. Well, let’s move on, shall we? Which way?”

“”That way~!””

“Right it is. Roger that.”

“”Oniichan, let’s run!””

“Eh, run? You don’t have to hurry that much, you know!?”

“”Will run!””

“Everyone~!”

“Let’s go~!”

Allen and Elena suddenly started running toward the stairs leading to the lower floor.

(Eh, Allen, Elena, wait up~)

(Yay~)

Joule and Vector ran after Allen and Elena.

(Niisama, let us go too?)

“Ah, yes, that’s right. Let’s go after them.”

(Yes!)

(Okay!)

And finally, me, Feat, Bolt, and Mile chased after them.

Looks like the dungeon marathon has begun.¨




Chapter 389

“”Here we go~””

(Oniichan, catch it!)

“Ohh!”

“”Kick!””

(Niichan, here I go!)

“Whoah!”

(Aniue, don’t worry. I got it~)

(Joule’s passable, but Vector is no good.)

(Too rough!)

Allen and Elena kicked at the monster they encountered while running, Joule or Vector followed them and picked up the loot and threw it our way, and I followed them to receive the loot. If I failed to catch the loot, Feat or Bolt will follow up.

We have done something like this before~ Was it in the “Dungeon of Minerals? Ah, but that time I used Wind Magic to pick the loot up.

“”There’s more~””

Allen and Elena increased their running speed even more. This was not a speed

for a marathon, but the speed for a sprint race.

(Ohh, they are fired up~)

(I have more to show, too!)

Joule and Vector excitedly followed the twins.

“Ahh~ geez…”

(Fufu, the twins are so energetic~)

(Mile, please hold on tightly.)

(I’m in your care!)

I, Feat, Bolt, and Mile, who was on Bolt’s back, also sped up and chased after the kids.

“”Eat this~!””

(Yah!)

“… Whoa.”

And so, we in the loot pick-up crew followed after the kids for a while.

“”There it is~!””

We kept doing this and ran without stopping until we reached the tenth floor.

“Allen, Elena, stop right there!”

When they found the stairs down to the eleventh level, I called the children to take a break.

“”Uniyu?””

“Break time. Let’s have some snacks.”

“Snacks~”

“Wanna eat~”

The children, who had been wondering why they had been stopped, smiled brightly at the word “snacks.”

“What would you like?”

“”N~… meat bun!””

“You are not feeling anything sweet, huh. Well, it fits perfectly the atmosphere.—Everyone, would you like meat buns too?”

(((((Yeah!)))))

We rested for a while with warm buns and hot milk.

“There are 15 floors in total here, so we’re already two-thirds of the way through.”

All ten floors so far were snowfields. There was no maze, it wasn’t that big either, so we advanced with ease. It took about… four hours to get here?… Huh? Taking time into consideration, shouldn’t we be having lunch, not snacks? Change of plans. Let’s have a good rest and eat a proper meal.

“Which one do you want to eat next?”

“”Curry bun!””

((Same here!))

Since we have already started eating them as snacks, I didn’t have to make a meal all over.

(We are progressing smoothly, aren’t we? We are only a third of the way away, so I’m sure we can conquer it today~)

When the meal was over, Joule began to talk happily about how well we were doing.

“Will do our best!”

“To finish today!”

“N~ even if it’s a little harder from here on out… I think we can do it.”

(Yeah, we can do it, of course we can!)

“… It’s a lower level dungeon, after all.”

My children can conquer an intermediate level dungeon in three to four days, so conquering the lower level dungeon in one day might be a piece of cake for them.

(Niichan, how many laps can we do?)

“How many laps!?”

(Yeah! We want to conquer it as soon as possible, but I don’t want to leave early! So, after we finish here, why don’t we go back to the beginning and do it once more!)

“”Good idea!””

Allen and Elena agreed with Vector’s opinion.

An unthinkable, repeating laps plan?

“Err… I guess twice would be alright.”

(Two more times then!)

“No, you got it wrong! Once more. Two times in total!”

“”Ehh~ two more times!””

“Lo, look, we really don’t know if we will be able to conquer it the first time by the end of the day, do we? So let’s just make it one more time.”

“”……””

Allen and Elena nodded silently at each other, and suddenly stood up firmly.

“”Let’s go!””

((Let’s go!))

Allen and Elena started to run, followed by Joule and Vector.

“Eh, why so suddenly!?”

(My, oh my, they surely intend to conquer this one before the day ends.)

(Two more times it is, then. It looks like we are conquering this dungeon three times in total.)

(Takumi Nii, you fired them up!)

“……”

The “We really don’t know if we will be able to conquer it today” may have tugged at the heartstrings of the children. No, it definitely touched them.

“Anyhow, let’s go after them.”

(((Yeah~)))

Before the kids were out of sight, we hurried after them.

… It really is all about chasing today.

“”Arrived!””

And in no time at all, we reached the last floor, and in front was the Boss room.

“… It was a groundless fear that we might not get here by the end of the day.”

From now on, I will be very careful about what I say.

“”Let’s go~””

(((((Yeah~)))))

Allen and Elena opened the door to the Boss room, and we went inside.

(I wonder what is inside~)

(… Hmm~ it’s a Snowman! I wanna do it!)

The boss was a Snowman. A Snowman with three snowballs piled on top of each other.

(Fireball.)

The first challenger of the boss battle was the fervent Vector, and although he was using a low-level magic (fire magic), he defeated the Snowman with a single, high-intensity shot. It was that easy.

＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝

Dungeon Record

The 4th dungeon “Earth” 15/15 floors

The 16th dungeon “Snow” 15/15

The 53rd dungeon “Ripples” 30/30 floors

The 55th dungeon “Minerals” 30/30 floors

The 65th dungeon “Large Animals” 30/30 floors

The 89th dungeon “Entwined” 7/50 floors

The 94th dungeon “Colors” 15/50 floors

＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝＝

In the end, we conquered it in half a day~

This was the seventh dungeon in our Dungeon Record. The number grew larger~

“”Let’s go one more!””

And so, we returned to the first floor using the transfer device and went through the dungeon again.




Chapter 390

“Alright, stop right there!”

Returning to the first level, Allen and Elena immediately tried to take off for the second lap of the Dungeon of Snow. I lifted them by the armpits to stop them.

“”Fueh?””

Allen and Elena flapped their legs while making strange noises.

“”Oniichan?””

“Let’s decide on something before we go on our second lap.”

“”Decide something?””

“Right. I mean, earlier, your Oniichan was just chasing after you, picking up the loot. That is too boring.”

“”Boring?””

I told the kids how I honestly felt.

Then the kids, who had been jittery and restless, seemed to calm down a bit, so I put them down on the ground.

“Yes, it was boring, not enjoyable at all.”

“”… Is that so?””

“Try thinking about it yourselves. Imagine simply running and picking up the loot.”

“”… Mehh~””

“Right?”

I guess they tried to imagine it. Allen and Ellen made growing faces.

“That’s why, let’s decide on something.”

“”What~?””

“Next time, we won’t run. We will all take turns confronting the monsters in turn, and since this time it will take us roughly a day and a half to two days to get to the final floor, we will go home after we finish. Okay?”

“”Okay!””

When I mentioned my decision, Allen and Elena nodded their heads in agreement.

“Are you guys are okay with it as well?”

(((((Yes~)))))

In the midst of all the confusion, I made myself able to fight monsters, so I decided to start the second lap right away.

“Oniichan.”

“What is the order~?”

“Let’s see. Allen, Elena, Joule, Vector, Feat, Bolt, Mile, and me. After I am done, it’s Allen turn again. How about that?”

“”(((((Okay!)))))””

Just as we were setting the order, three Snow Rabbits appeared in sight.

“Then, Allen, Elena, Joule, it’s your turn. One for each of you.”

“”(Okay~)””

When I gave the instructions, Allen, Elena, and Joule ran off happily.

(Is it my turn next?)

“Yes, that’s correct.”

(I hope something appears soon~ I’d like something strong!)

“This is the first floor of a lower dungeon, so I’m afraid it’s just small fries.”

(Too bad.)

While I was talking with Vector, the children who easily defeated the Snow Rabbits returned with loot in hands.

“”(We are back~)””

“Welcome back. As I thought, the monsters here won’t put up any heavy resistance~ Although I said we should take it slowly, let’s not take too long to get to the middle floors.”

“”Let’s do that!””

“However, we didn’t observe the surroundings at all earlier, so let’s check what’s around us a little bit.”

“”Okay~””

So we proceeded onward, observing our surroundings.

“Ah, that’s Snowmoss.”

Then, we soon got the results of our efforts.

“”Snowmoss? Where, where~?””

“Look carefully around that boulder.”

“”N~?””

Allen and Elena approach the boulder and stared at it. Joule and the others followed the children.

“”Not snow!””

((It’s true~))

It looked like a boulder covered with pure white snow, but it was not. It was not snow, but pure white moss. I wouldn’t notice it if we were running.

(Niisama, what can we use this for?)

“Snowmoss can be used as a poultice for bruises and such.”

(It’s important!)

(Indeed. Having poultice always on hand would be useful.)

“Ah~ Bolt is certainly right.”

I don’t have any poultice on me.

We are sturdy people, so it’s not often that we hit our arms somewhere and get swollen or sprain our legs. But you can never be sure it won’t happen, so it would be better to have some on us. But since I can use recovery magic, we don’t need poultice, do we?

Well, but I want the children to have it, and if there is anyone accompanying us other than our members, there is a possibility that we will use it on them, so let’s get it.

“”Ohh~ let’s get lots!””

“Alright. We are inside a dungeon, so let’s pick a lot.”

We don’t really need poultice, but since it is right in front of us, I decide to collect a lot of the Snowmoss.

“We can’t let this moss dry out, so put what you pick in a jar. And wear gloves!”

“”Got it~!””

After we finished collecting the Snowmoss, we started moving on again, but the children began to carefully observe their surroundings, as if they were remembering to search for medicinal herbs. Well, due to the climate of this dungeon, there are only a few types and quantities of medicinal herbs.

“Found more over there~!”

“There’s something there, too!”

Running in a straight line is typical of my children, but walking while collecting medicinal herbs like this is even more like them.

“Alright, that’s enough for today.”

Since it was a little before evening when we started our second lap, we ended the day when we reached the stairway to the sixth floor.

We moved a little off the main path and I took out our carry-on house. I don’t think we would freeze to death, but I’d rather not camp out.

“Oniicha~n.”

“I’m hungry~”

“We moved a lot today, after all. Well, what should we make~”

“”Something yummy!””

“… Ah, yeah, so you are fine with anything.”

“”Yea!””

My kids are basically the type to tell me exactly what they want to eat, but sometimes they leave it for me. Well, that’s fine with me~

“Since it’s cold, let’s have something to warm us up~…”

As I was thinking about the menu, I suddenly felt a sudden craving for oden.

“Can it wait a little? Or would you prefer something easy to make and ready to eat right away?”

“”If we wait, is it delish?””

“I’ll do my best to make it tasty.”

“”Then, we wait~!””

Well, since I planedn to make full use of “Aging” magic, it won’t take as much time to soak up the flavors as it normally does. So, tonight is going to be oden.

“Now then, the ingredients…”

Eggs, daikon, I also need dashi, and kombu… huh? Surprisingly, oden doesn’t need that many ingredients? Oh, I can add carrots, burdock root, and bamboo shoots.

I have no konjak, shirataki, or ganmo. No hanpen, chikuwa, or satsuma-age either… Can I make these? However, it would be too much work to do all that now, so I should make white fish surimi nad shrimps, squid, and crab slices and tsumire dumplings. Oh, I guess I could add chunks of octopus?

… Well, it’s something oden-like, I guess.

At any rate, I’ve made quick preparations, and I’m going to simmer it with dashi stock plus shoyu… that’s where the “Aging” comes in. After the simmering was done, the pot was taken off the stove and aged further. I saved a lot of time by allowing the fish to cool and soak up the flavors with “Aging.”

“Let’s reheat it again.”

“Is done~?”

“Smells nice~”

“It’s done now~”

Everyone ate the meal while blowing on it to cool it down. Then, I added rice to the remaining broth in the pot to make rice porridge, which was then eaten clean.




Chapter 391

The next day we started at the sixth floor.

“The order~”

“Whose turn is it~?”

(Err, if I’m not mistaken, we ended the day with Vector’s turn.)

(That’s right. We are starting with me today.)

It seemed that the children remembered the rules, and everyone was checking to see who was starting today.

“Are you prepared~?”

“”Done~!””

“Alright. Let’s go then.”

“”(((((Oh~!)))))””

Immediately, we started advancing through the sixth floor, but we went in the opposite direction of the staircase to the lower level.

“”Would there be something~?””

We looked for medicinal herbs or anything unusual.

(As we thought, there are no herbs~)

(Yeah~ But it can’t be helped because of the weather.)

(However, I’m sure there are many things that would be appreciated if we sell.)

(That’s right! I’m sure we can sell a lot!)

Winter was the time of year when adventurers are less active, so the amount of medicinal herbs collected was lower. Therefore, selling medicinal herbs in the winter is very appreciated.

“Let’s find lots.”

“And make lots of money.”

“”So that we can eat lots of yummy food!””

(I agree!)

I have a strong influence on the children, but they seem to be growing up to be gourmands.10

“”Nniyu~?””

“What is it, Allen, Elena?”

“Something is~?”

“Over there~?”

We went onward, gathering medicinal herbs in small but sure quantities, and while we were exploring the tenth floor, the children found something.

“N~?”

(Allen, Elena, where~?)

(I don’t know either! Where, where?)

I tilted my head, not knowing where Allen and Elena were looking, and Joule and Vector were tilting their heads as well.

(Allen-chan, is it around that thicket over there?)

“More that way~”

(Elena, is it around that dense tree formation?)

“A little bit more that way~”

Feat and Mile asked the children questions to try to pinpoint the location.

(Aniue, I will go take a look.)

And then Bolt flew briskly over to scout the area.

“In the meantime, let us go that way too.”

Since it didn’t seem dangerous, we too walked in the direction the children were interested in.

(Aniue~!)

Then, Bolt came back immediately.

“Welcome back. Did you find something?”

(We couldn’t see them in the shadows from where we were just now, but there are what looked like white fruit to me.)

“Fruit? Heeh~ Now I am curious. Let’s go take a look.”

So we headed for the place where Bolt had found the fruit.

“”There it is~!””

(Ah, you are right. They were covered by the snow.)

(Ohh~ they are squares!)

“……”

They were white squares hanging from tree branches while covered in snow. Well, since it was growing on trees, I’m sure they are fruit, but… are they really fruit?

“Bolt, could you drop one down first?”

(Understood~!)

I asked Bolt and received one of the fruit.

“Oh, it’s surprisingly soft to the touch~”

The nut was a cube the size of my palm, and it felt quite soft to the touch.

“”Is edible~?””

“Erm… it’s fine. It can be eaten. It’s called Silk Fruit.”

When I appraised it, I found only that they were called “Silk Fruit” and that they were edible, but there was nothing else about them.

“”Let’s eat it!””

“Let’s do that. Tasting it first would be easiest.”

I couldn’t imagine what it would taste like, so I decided to taste it first and peeled off the skin from the top of the nut.

“”So white~””

“Yeah… you can’t tell it apart from the skin.”

When I removed the skin, I found that the inside was also white.

It was soft like a pudding, so instead of cutting it into pieces, I scooped it out with a spoon and shared it with everyone. Then, everyone tried to eat it at the same time.

“”(((((… N~?)))))””

“……… This is.”

All the children tilted their heads, but I remember eating this before.

“It’s tofu!”

The Silk Fruit was actually similar to Silken Tofu!

“”Tofu?””

(Oniichan, what is tofu?)

(Niichan, this doesn’t have any flavor at all~)

“Tofu is actually food made from soybeans, and this is exactly like it.”

You can’t really taste the soybean flavor, but that’s normal since it wasn’t made from soybeans in the first place. But still, no problem!

Now we can have cold tofu! Oh, and we can use it in hot pots and miso soup! Oh, I could even make mapo tofu with it!

(Niisama looks very delighted~)

(He seems to be quite excited.)

(I don’t get it, but I’m happy for you!)

“……”

I was a little excited and received warm looks from Feat, Bolt, and Mile.

“It’s a delicious ingredient for various dishes. Can you guys help me pick them?”

I was a little embarrassed, so I decided to start collecting them to cover up my embarrassment.

“”They become delish~?””

“You see, silken tofu is a typical ingredient in miso soup.”

“”Is that so?””

(I thought it would be sweet because it looked like a fruit, but I never imagined it would be used for cooking~)

(It’s delicious when cooked? If that’s the case, I want to try it too!)

“”Yeah, wanna eat!””

(Alright, let’s pick lots!)

“”(Oh~!)””

First, Allen, Elena, Joule, and Vector ran toward the tree where the Silk Fruit grew.

(We will be more useful in picking the fruits.)

(That’s right. I will do my best!)

(Let’s get lots! Takumi Nii, I’m looking forward to the meal!)

Feat, Bolt, and Mile also scattered in all directions to gather the Silk Fruit.

Since everyone was looking forward to it, I’ll have to give my all to cook a tofu dish for lunch today~

“Well, I should gather some too~”

I wonder if there are any Cotton Fruits somewhere in this dungeon too? Even if they are not in this dungeon, there is a possibility that they are in the next one. I’ll have to search carefully.




Chapter 392

“Then, let’s have lunch~”

“”Lun~ch♪”

After collecting plenty of Silk Fruits, it was just about time to eat, so I decided to have lunch. Of course, the menu was all about tofu.

“Well then, let’s make it!”

I don’t think the kids will be able to eat spicy mapo tofu, so I’ll make a thick stir-fry style with minced meat, Silk Fruit, and Ena grass. I will also make deep-fried tofu with grated daikon and Miso soup, of course, with Silk Fruit. I’ll also add wakame seaweed and leeks. Ah, a salad with raw vegetables, diced Silk Fruits and sesame dressing would be nice, too.

“And, it’s done! Let’s eat!”

“”Yay~””

“”(((((Itadakima~su.)))))””

The tofu dishes were quickly prepared and everyone began to eat.

“How is it?”

“Allen loves this~”

“Elena loves it, too~”

(Oniichan, it’s yummy!)

(I thought the Silk Fruit was bland, but it’s because they’re bland that they can be used for this kind of dish~ Niisama, you are amazing!)

(Aniue, every dish is very delicious.)

(Tasty! I wanna eat lots!)

(I also think it’s yummy, but it’s a bit unsatisfactory. I want more meat.)

Generally, it seemed to be well received. I can understand Vector’s unsatisfactory, though… It’s okay because it’s lunch now, but if it were dinner, I would have thought it was not enough, too.

“… Vector, let’s have meat for dinner.”

(Ohh! Thank you, Niichan!)

After we finished eating and resting, we immediately headed to the eleventh floor.

“”Something, something~?””

The children carefully searched the surrounding area, as they knew that they could find medicinal herbs, of course, but also ingredients they had never seen before.

“”Uniyu~…””

However, they could only find a handful of medicinal herbs on this floor.

“Allen, Elena, don’t be so downhearted.”

Perhaps because they could not find anything to collect, Allen and Elena’s expressions gradually darkened.

“”But~””

“There’s nothing~”

“Around here~”

“That’s just what kind of floor this is. Let’s go to the next floor now.”

“”Okay~””

We gave up searching on the eleventh floor and moved to the twelfth floor.

(Ah! Oniichan, there are Silk Fruits over there~)

“Really? We picked quite a few at the tenth floor, but if you see them, we should pick more.”

(Yeah! Let’s pick lots!)

As soon as Joule started searching on the twelfth floor, he found some Silk Fruits. We have enough for ourselves to eat, but we can get more for the Ruven family to eat or give them to Oswald-san, so we decided to pick them.

“”Huh~?””

As we approach the tree to collect the Silk Fruits, Allen and Elena tilted their heads, making a puzzled noise.

“Is something the matter?”

“”Is a bit different~?””

“… N? The color of the skin is certainly a bit creamier than that of the Silk Fruit~—Ohh?”

I immediately appraised it, and found out that what we thought was Silk Fruit wasn’t actually Silk Fruit.

“It’s Cotton Fruit!”

It really existed! Cotton Fruit!!

“”Cotton Fruit~?””

“A friend of Silk Fruit. Its texture should be a bit different… I think.”

At least, if it’s the same as the cotton tofu I know, it should be…

“Anyhow, let’s pick them first!”

“”Alright~””

Of course, we picked up all the Cotton Fruit we could find.

“Do you think they are harder to the touch than the Silk Fruit?”

(Niisama, wouldn’t we be able to tell the difference if we tasted it?)

“That’s true, too. Let’s give it a try.”

Just as with the Silk Fruit, we peeled off the top of the skin and tasted it.

“”No flavor~””

(Yeah. It’s similar to the Silk Fruit.)

(But, as Niisama said, the texture is a little different.)

(Indeed. It’s a bit coarse.)

(I don’t like it~)

(It will become yummy when Takumi Nii cooks it!)

“I guess it feels a bit wrong because we are trying to eat it as a fruit~”

Since it looks like a fruit, you can’t help but imagine it’s sweet.

“”Picked it all~””

“Thank you. Let’s continue onwards.”

“”Ohh~!””

After collecting the Cotton Fruit, we continued our search and collected various things, and arrived at the Boss room before dinner.

“”Facing off Boss~?””

“No, let’s stop here today.”

“”Is over~””

“Tomorrow morning, we will defeat the boss, and then return to the town.”

I decided to take a break before the Boss battle.

“That benign the case, let’s make preparations for dinner~”

“”Cotton Fruit~?””

“No, let’s leave the Cotton Fruit dishes for another time. Let’s have meat for dinner as promised.”

(Yay~! Meat~!!)

As expected, we shouldn’t be eating tofu dishes in a row. I promised Vector that I would cook meat tonight.

(I want yakiniku~!)

“Yakinikui? Is everyone else alright with that?”

“”((((Sure~))))””

Since there were no objections, we filled our bellies with meat at the yakiniku party, got a good night’s sleep, and challenged the Boss first thing the next morning.

“If we went in order, Bolt would be next, right? It’s not an opponent that needs all of us fighting, so Bolt, you should be fine on your own, right?”

(I don’t think I will have trouble with that Boss in particular, but… it’s a Boss battle, you know? Are you sure?)

“It’s just one Snowman, and anyone of us would be able to overpower it no matter what. So, let’s take the order as we decided at the beginning.—Allen, Elena, that’s fine with you, right?”

“Yeah, is fine!”

“We promised!”

I thought the children might want to fight the Boss, but they followed the order and gave in.

“You two are so good at keeping your word, aren’t you? Good kids!”

“”Ehehe~””

When I praised them, they smiled happily.

I don’t care if they call me a foolish big brother! My younger siblings are honest and adorable!

(Then, I’m going to take it down quickly!)

When the Snowman appeared in the Boss room, Bolt soared high into the sky.

Then, clad in lightning, he plunged straight into the Snowman with great force. Then, he passed through the snowball in the middle.

“”Wow~””

“Ohh~ he really finished quickly~”

With a single blow, the Snowman collapsed.

“Good job, Bolt. That was awesome.”

(Thank you very much, Aniue, the loot was a magic stone and white powder-ish substance.)

“White powder? Err… this is a material used for cosmetics called snow powder. Let’s give it to Rebecca-san, Almeria-san, and Rosalie-san as a souvenir.”

In two short days, we conquered the “Dungeon of Snow” twice and decided to return to the Capital.

It was a day when I realized once again that for my children, the lower level dungeons are really just places to play, without any danger.




Chapter 393

Today was the twelfth month, the fourth week and the day of water. It was Allen and Elena’s birthday.

“Allen, ELena, happy birthday.”

(Happy birthday.)

“”Thank you~… ah!””

Just as everyone thought that Allen and Elena would show a happy expression after being congratulated, they suddenly looked as if they remembered something. Then, for some reason, they straightened their posture—

“Thank you very much for coming today for our sake.”

“We can’t offer you much hospitality, but please make yourselves at home.”

They greeted everyone properly and bowed.

“Whoah~… is this what you taught them, Rebecca-san?”

I asked Rebecca-san, the person who I thought taught them this greeting.

“Fufu, you seem surprised.”

Seeing my surprised face, Rebecca-san smiled as if she had just pulled a prank.

“”Done well~?””

“Yes, you have done it properly~”

“”Yay~””

Allen and Elena checked with Rebecca-san to see how their greetings went and were happy to hear that they have done a good job.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan! How was it?””

Then they went on to ask me what I thought of it.

“That was a very fine greeting you did there. Incredible.”

“”Ehehe~””

Allen and Elena giggled at my praise.

They are now seven years old and have lost a lot of their childishness, but their cuteness is still there.

“Still… I did not expect all the people we invited to show up.”

“Oh my, you thought so, Takumi-san? I knew everyone would come, you know?”

The children’s birthday party was held in one of the rooms at the Ruven residence… and what can I say, the participants are absolutely gorgeous.

The Ruven family, including Matthias-san, Rebecca-san, Velio-san, Almeria-san, Lucario-kun, Wald-san and Rosalie-san, all attended the party.

“Allen-kun, Elena-chan, congratulations.”

“Congratulations~”

Cedric-san, Theodore-kun, and Latis-kun from the Risner family joined us as well. Moreover, Isaac-san came as well.

“Allen, Elena, congratulations.”

I wondered if it would be a good idea to invite the royal family, but I didn’t know what they would say if I didn’t invite them, so I invited them anyway, and Alfried-sama came as the representative.

Even thought he was only escorted by Najack-sama when he went out to the town incognito, he was escorted not only by Najack-sama today, but he also brought Claudio-sama, Kevin-san and Quigg-san with him, which must have been Al-sama’s consideration.

“You are wearing cute outfits~”

“”Right~””

Kevin-san praised them, and Allen and Elena spun around with smiles on their faces.

“”This is from Obaasama.””

“Obaasama? Eh, are you talking about Madam Rebecca!? Takumi, is that okay!?”

“…. Rebecca-san herself told them to call her like that… it’s impossible to correct them now.”

Kevin-san, Claudio-sama and Quigg-san were startled by the children’s “”Obaasama”” remark.

Al-sama and Najack-sama knew all about it, so they looked at the surprised three in amusement.

“They’ve been good to you, haven’t they?”

“That’s for sure. They are treating us as if we were one of their own.”

Yes, today’s attire for Allen and Elena was prepared by Rebecca-san for today, and it was a red outfit made of fluffy fabric. Allen was wearing pants and Elena was wearing a skirt with a cape, with white fluffy fur on the collar, cape hem, pants hem, and skirt hem.

The two of them looked great together… but I couldn’t help but mutter, “… Reminds me of Santa~”

“Santa? Takumi-dono, what is this Santa?”

“Eh? Ah, Richard-sama! Hello, thank you for coming today… erm, Santa is a character from my hometown’s fairy tale. He wears a red costume similar to the children’s.”

“Heeh, is that so?”

I think Richard-sama heard my muttering, and I got a little flustered when he asked me about it.

“Thank you for comign today, Charlotte-sama. How are you feeling? Please don’t overdo it.”

“Fufu, thank you for your consideration, Takumi-sama.”

I sent out invitations to Richard-sama and Charlotte-sama, His Majesty’s younger brother and his wife, and they graciously joined us.

The others were almost all nobles… including Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence and Helena-san, the McPherson couple, Reinhardt-sama, Lilika-sama and the Stanval siblings, and the Vassar and Clark couples, who were friends of Rosalie-san whom we became close just recently.

“”Fufu…””

“What is the matter, Allen, Elena?”

The children suddenly started giggling, so I asked them what was wrong, and they smiled happily.

“”It’s so fun~””

“Fun? I see, that’s good.”

They seemed to be enjoying spending time with so many people in a lively atmosphere.

“It would be nice if we could celebrate like this every year.”

“”Yeah! And also, Oniichan.””

“N?”

“Allen is hungry~”

“Elena too~”

A “guu~” escaped from Allen and Elena’s stomachs, and all at once the heartwarming atmosphere was brought back to reality.

“Hahaha. Ah, look, they just started carrying in the food. Let’s go eat something.”

“”Yeah!””

The meal was a standing buffet style, and I took the initiative in planning the food to be served. I helped with the preparation until the last minute. The final touches were left to the Ruven family cooks.

“”Ohh~ looks delish~””

I asked the children in advance what they wanted to eat, and “”Yummy food!”” was the answer. So, the basic menu was made up of dishes that the children like.

However, since the children eat everything with relish, it is possible that any food is their favorite food.

“This smells good. You must have put a lot of effort in this~”

“Well, it’s Allen and Elena’s birthday, after all. It is a day that requires the most effort.”

“Haha, that is true~”

As if lured by the smell, Wald-san also came for the food early.

“”Ah!””

“Oniichan, waht is this~?”

“Never seen! Is this new?”

“That’s right. Tell me how you feel about it.”

“”Okay!””

Among the many dishes on display, the children were quick to notice a dish they had never tasted before.

“Something new! Allen, Elena, let’s start with that!”

“”Let’s do that!””

Wald-san charged with Allen and Elena toward the servants serving the food to experience it together.




Chapter 394

“Takumi, what is this dish? The white thingy is plain, but it’s delicious with the red sauce and shrimp.”

“Oniichan, this is yummy! What is this~?”

“Oniichan, this is tasty, too! This is~?”

“What Wald-san is eating is a chili sauce stir-fry. The white ingredient is Silk Fruit we found recently in a dungeon. Allen is eating a chocolate cake, and Elena is eating no-bake cheesecake.”

Allen, Elena, and Wald-san were so engrossed in their meal that they were stuffing food into their mouths one after another.

“Allen, Elena, you have to eat more slowly, or you will feel sick later.”

“”Okay~””

Today’s food lineup included fried chicken, fried shrimp, French fries, and other standard party dishes, as well as new-style dishes like the stir-fried shrimp with tofu and chili.

Among them, especially the dessert type, are things I could never make before, as for why—

◆ ◆ ◆

A few days before the birthday party, I was secretly thinking about the menu to serve at the party in a corner of the kitchen. Of course, Allen and Elena were not here because they were having a study session with Rebecca-san.

Well, let’s get started… When I thought so, suddenly—ding♪ sound echoed in my mind.

“It’s Syl.”

It’s that. The sound made when something from Syl was delivered.

I opened the window to see if Syl had sent me a request for something he wanted to eat, but instead of a request, I found a book.

“A recipe book? And they are all sweets, too…”

I took the book out of the Infinite Storage and flipped through the contents to see that it contained recipes for decoration cakes, Chocolat Gâteau, roll cakes, chiffon cakes, and… basically, a variety of cakes.

And there was a note tucked into the last page that said—

—You can use this to make a cake for Allen and Elena’s celebration.

And I would love to have some cheesecake♪ —Marianora

“……”

The former is probably a front and the latter is the real intention.

No wonder there were so many recipes for cheesecake: no-bake cheesecake, baked cheesecake, soufflé cheesecake, cheesecake tarts, tiramisu, and so on.

“Well, if I had to choose, then I would say I am grateful for this.”

The pastries I had made in the past had always turned out somehow okay, even if the ingredients, quantities, and procedures were slightly different, but the ones in the book were different. They were impossible to make with the way I have been making desserts until now.

“At any rate, one of the cheesecakes is a definite choice.”

While preparing one for the party, I decided to accept Marianora-sama’s request.

“It surprisingly doesn’t matter which one to choose ingredient-wise.”

I couldn’t make up my mind, so I closed the book and opened it at random.

“Chocolat Gâteau. Let’s do this one, then. For the cheesecake… let’s do the no-bake cheesecake.”

I decided to make the first cake and cheesecake on the page I opened, and decided to practice making them.

I was able to make them according to the recipe, but after I made a few more cakes and was satisfied with them, I decided to decorate them lavishly for the party and store them in the Infinite Storage.

I gave a whole batch of each to the Ruven cooks to taste. Oh, and I didn’t forget to tell them to keep it a secret until the kids’ birthdays!

I also thought about sending a no-bake cheesecake to Marianora-sama right away, but after a little deliberation, I decided against it.

“Come to think of it… surprisingly, I’ve never sent anything culinary?”

I always send only sweet things, and the only non-sweet thing I have sent was… meat buns? Oh, and maybe some pizza? I don’t think I have sent anything else…

I’m currently thinking about the food for the party and won’t really cook it until the day before or the day of the party, but I’m planning on making some prototypes and having pre-made dishes in the future, so I thought I’d send the food along as well.

“Well then, what would be good~?”

I started making prep meals for when we go to dungeons while thinking about various things.

For now, I mass-produced Onigiri and sandwiches that can be eaten right away.

“… Come to think of it, this should be fine?”

Onigiri and sandwiches like these were something that had never existed in Aetherdia. This would also be unusual for Syl and others.

So, having decided on what to send, I quickly brought up the window screen to send it. The cooks are busy, so they didn’t seem to be paying attention to me.

Again, I stealthily select the magic circle tab, and from there, I select the magic circle of Marianora-sama. Then I sent her a no-bake cheesecake. I was a little nervous because it was the first time I used a magic circle not addressed to Syl.

Next, I sent a Chocolat Gâteau to Syl. I could have sent them all together to Marianora-sama, but I didn’t want Syl to be upset, so I decided to split it up and send them separately.

After Syl, I sent a plate of Onigiri to Salamanteel-sama and a plate of sandwiches to Nomoodle-sama.

I decided to leave it up to Syl and the others to decide whether to eat them together or separately.

“Next up…—”

Just as I was about to decide on what to make next—ding♪ sound echoed in my mind for the four times in a row.

“They are quick to reply!”

Four times would mean that I got a reaction from each of the four Gods.

… No, wait. It’s possible that there were… four responses from Syl?

“……”

I thought the “what if” in my mind… and opened the window screen.

“Err… they are items.”

All four dings seemed to be notifications of additional items, which I quickly checked and found four message cards and a large quantity of foodstuffs.

I took the message cards out of the Infinite Storage and read it—

Marianora-sama: Takumi-san. Thank you! It’s wonderful~ I’m looking forward to the next batch already♪

Sylphreel: Takumi-san!! Thank you! But, but! Why to all of us!? Please send them all together to me~~~

Salamanteel-sama: Takumi, thanks for the good stuff! I’m delighted! I will send you something good back next time!

Nomoodle-sama: Thank you very much, Takumi-san. Sorry for the same behavior every time, but please use the ingredients I sent you by all means.

—It was like that. Well, they were mostly words of gratitude.

The ingredients seem to have come from Nomoodle-sama, which I guess is… on behalf of everyone?

The fact that there was a large amount of various cheeses among them no doubt has to do with Marianora-sama’s desire to have other cheesecakes made and sent. Well, if we make more and send them when we make our own, that’s fine with me.

However… but does it make sense to sent numerous types of cheese that are not used in cheesecakes? Is it a prompt that they want to eat pizza too, or something like that? Or did they just send it to me for no reason?

There was no point in dwelling on it, so I got myself together and resumed my food prototyping!

◆ ◆ ◆

And well, although something unplanned happened, I was able to create something that the children would enjoy thanks to that.




Chapter 395

“I have learned how to make other sweet things, so I’ll let you eat them next time.”

“”Really!?””

“Really. Look forward to it.”

“”I am!””

Since I got the recipe book, I’m going to try to make all kinds of recipes in order. Fortunately, I have all the ingredients.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“N? What is it?”

“Allen, this! I wanna make chocolate cake!”

“Elena wants to make cheesecake, too!”

“Fufu, I see. Then, let’s make them together next time.”

“”Yeah!””

I had more of both the chocolat gâteau and no-bake cheesecake in the Infinite Storage because I made several of them as a practice, but if they both want to make them, I have no choice but to make them again. I’ll give the ones made by the children to their grandmothers, Rebecca-san and Marianora-sama. I’m sure they will be pleased. Of course, I’d like to eat something they made, too!

“Let’s stop eating for now and get back to talking with the guests.”

“”Okay~””

After the children’s bellies were filled, we resumed our conversations, or rather, socializing.

We exchanged a few words with the guests in a quick greeting, but we hadn’t talked properly since we had seen each other last time.

“Then, who are we going to—”

“”Ah, Reirei~””

While considering who to talk to, Allen and Elena, who discovered Reinhardt—Rein, called him by his nickname, and approached him.

“Oh, it’s Allen and Elena.”

“”Reirei, how were you?””

“I have been doing fine~ How about you two?”

“”Yeah, doing good!””

For some reason, the kids acted like friends of the same age with Rein~ It’s a mystery.

“Thank you for coming today, Rein.”

“How many times are you going to say that, Takumi? I was happy to receive the invitation. Of course, Lily too.”

“That reminds me, how come Lily-chan isn’t with you?”

“Lily is over there.”

“N?”

When I looked in the direction Rein pointed to, Lilyka—Lily-chan, was chatting and laughing with the ladies.

“Allen-chan, Elena-chan, come over here.”

“”Coming~!””

Because we were looking at the ladies, Rebecca-san noticed us and called the children.

The two of them quickly scuttled over to Rebecca-san. And then, they easily blended into the conversation with the ladies.

“Did Lily-chan know everyone from before?”

“No, they are all meeting for the first time today. Lily had only attended tea parties with her close friends before since she has not debuted socially yet. She was very nervous today. However, since the ladies seem to be taking care of the topic well, she seems to be enjoying herself.”

“Eh? Is that so? How old is Lily-chan now?”

“Fourteen. Next year is her coming of age debut. That being the case, Takumi, there will be a celebration at our house next year, so please join us.”

“That is for sure. I’m already looking forward to it.”

It’s decided that we’ll be back in the Capital next winter, too.

Well, I want everyone to celebrate my children’s birthday, so even if we go on a trip in the spring, we will be back in the winter.

“Takumi, come over here when you’re done talking with your friend.”

“Understood.—Let’s go together, Rein.”

“Eh? N, no, is it all right for someone like me to intrude on those gentlemen?”

I was called over by Al-sama. And the Royal Guards were gathering around him as well. When I asked Rein to go with me, he looks flustered when he saw them.

“It will be fine. Come on.”

“……”

I headed to Al-sama’s place together with Rein.

“Al-sama, sorry to have kept you waiting. Ah, I brought Rein with me, it’s fine, right?”

“Of course, I don’t mind.”

“My name is Reinhardt Stanval.”

“I will call you Rein, just like Takumi.”

“It’s my honor.”

Rein was so stiff. Is this the kind of reaction one might have when dealing with a prince of their own country?

“Still… I never knew Takumi had a friend of the same age…”

“Eh? What do you mean by that! That’s rude, Al-sama! I also have a friend or two!”

“For example?”

“For example!? Err… you?”

“Don’t declare it with such confidence while tilting your head in puzzlement.”

“Hahaha~ I will introduce you to them next time. I have a few adventurer friends as well.”

I am occasionally corresponding with Evan-san and Scott-san from the “Steel Hawks” and Brian-san from “Dawn Star”, so I guess you could say we’re friends.

Although a bit older, I would like to say that Rudolph-san from “Dragon Breath” is also my friend… but I think Rudolph-san is more like a senior to me. I don’t know where he is now, though, so I’m afraid I can’t contact him.

“Well, let’s not talk about my friends. Have you all finished eating?”

“Yeah, it was all delicious. We ate too much because of it.—Right, Najack?”

“Yes, everything was wonderful.”

Najack-sama agreed with Al-sama’s words.

“I’m glad to hear that. I have also prepared souvenirs for Grace-sama and others, so please bring it back to them.”

“Really!? That is great! Actually, Mother and others wanted to come over as well, but I somehow managed to stop them. If I have souvenirs to bring back, I won’t have to listen to their complaining that much!”

“Nonono! Complaining, you say… that wouldn’t happen, right?”

“No! There is a high probability of that happening! That being the case, souvenirs are greatly welcome!”

I see. Grace-sama and others wanted to celebrate the children’s birthday as well. That makes me happy.

“Then, I have to put more effort into the souvenirs.”

“Please!”

Since Al-sama was looking quite desperate, I’ll make sure there are more desserts than main dishes among the souvenirs. No clear reason, but I felt it was probably better that way.

After this, I had a good time talking with Al-sama as well as the other guests, and the children’s birthday party ended without a hitch.




Chapter 396

The day after the party, I was looking at a stack of well-packed boxes.

These were gifts for Allen and Elena from the party attendees.

I had written on the invitation that guests were welcome to come empty-handed, but it seems that no one came… empty-handed.

I also felt like it was a waste of time to write it, but it would have been nice if at least one person came empty-handed~

“Well, let’s open them in order~”

I was afraid to look at the contents of the presents… but I couldn’t not look at them because I needed to confirm what kind of things they gifted and respond to them.

“Allen, Elena, let’s start from the ones that caught your eyes~”

“”Then, this one~””

“Ah, I knew you would go for that one~”

The one Allen and Elena chose was the largest of the gifts. It was too big even for me to carry by myself, so it must have caught the children’s eyes.

“Erm, that’s…!?”

The gift was received by a servant of the Ruven family, but there was a note attached to the gift, clearly stating who had gifted it. When I saw it, I was surprised.

“It’s from Wald-san and Rosalie-san!”

“Wald Nii and.”

“Rosalie Neesama?”

I was surprised to see a gift from Wald-san and Rosalie-san mixed with other presents.

“Whoah~ so the two prepared a present for you as well~”

“”Can we open?””

“Of course.”

Allen and Elena immediately opened the present with excitement.

“”Ohh~~~””

“Now this is amazing.”

Inside was a giant cushion.

When the cushion was completely removed from its wrapping, the children jumped on it with glee.

“”It’s so soft~””

The children’s bodies fit snugly into the cushion.

“Wald-san knows exactly what you guys like, huh~”

“”He knows~””

“Hahaha~ indeed. Let’s thank him properly later, okay?”

“”Yes~””

I’ll be careful not to forget to thank not only Wald-san and others, but also anyone who gave the children a present this time when I meet them.

“Come on, open the next one.”

“”Then, this one~?””

“That is from Richard-sama and Charlotte-sama. Let’s see… it’s clothes. Ah, this is equestrian apparel. There are shoes as well.”

“”Equestrian?””

“They are clothes you wear when riding a horse.”

“”Horseback riding!””

If you are a child of a noble family, when you are about Allen and Elena’s age, you start practicing horseback riding, right?

So, they might have prepared these clothes for them.

“Horse!”

“Wanna ride!”

I knew it. I thought so.

“I see~ I’ll talk to Rebecca-san next time about what the procedure is for practicing horseback riding.”

“”Yeah!””

I don’t even know if we can borrow horses from the Ruven family… or if I have to get horses for the kids to ride, so we have to discuss that.

It is important to check because there may be a possibility that maybe, just maybe… Rebecca-san had already prepared them as part of her education.


“”This one next~””

“That is from Matthias-san and Rebecca-san—Eh!?”

When we opened the next package, I couldn’t help but exclaim in surprise.

“”Ohh~!””

“Why cat ears!?”

What was in the package were headbands with various kinds of triangular cat ears.

“So many ears.”

“What are these~?”

“Ah~ you wear these on your head.”

“”Like this?””

“Yep, yep.”

Allen immediately put on the black cat ears and Elena put on the white cat ear headband.

“”How is it?””

“It suits you well~”

It really suited them well.

“Still… there so many~”

“”Yeah~””

“How about this one?”

“And this one~?”

“Ah, yes, those look good on you as well~”

Allen and Elena played with different cat ears headbands one after another.

There were blue and brown ears, and even calico cat-like ears. Oh, there were even some droopy ears, round ears, and rabbit ears at the bottom.

“These are made of high-quality fur~”

Moreover, all the ears had excellent texture to the touch.

These were not just for fun, these were made with a serious mind.

“”Oniichan.””

“There’s a.”

“Tail, too~”

“… Eh?”

The children, who had been playing with the ears, now unearthed tails from the bottom of the box.

The tail was fixed to a belt. As expected, there was a long, thin cat type and a bushy wolf type, each of the blue color, and I think it was to match the children’s hair color.

“… That’s a fine craft~”

Allen and Elena quickly put on their belts, and their ears were also replaced with blue ones.

There seemed to be two triangular blue ears, but upon closer inspection, they looked a little different. One facing forward and one facing slightly outward.

“”How do we look?””

“You have completely transformed into Demihumans~”

“”Ohh~””

In no time at all, Allen became a Wolfman and Elena a Catwoman.

“”Going to show Obaasama~””

The children ran out of the room to show their transformed forms to Rebecca-san.

I am sure Rebecca-san will be delighted.

“Err… the rest is—”

With a break here, I was idly looking at the rest of the presents.

The remaining presents were from the Velio-san and Almeria-san couple, the Risner family, the Stanval, McPherson, Vassar, and Clark families. Al-sama and the Knights have prepared a present together for them as well.

We have only opened three gifts so far, and what can I say… I’m exhausted already.




Chapter 397

“”We back~””

“Welcome back. Was Rebecca-san happy?”

“”Yeah! It suits us, she said!””

“I see, I’m glad to hear that.—And so, did you thank her properly?”

“”… Ah!””

After a while, the kids came back smiling, but they seemed to have forgotten to thank Rebecca-san, and when I pointed it out to them, they turned around and ran away again.

“”Back again~””

“I see. Don’t forget to thank the other people as well when you see them.”

“”Yeah~””

I said it mainly to remind myself not to forget, but I had to remind the kids as well.

“Then, let’s continue~ Next up is…”

“”This!””

The present they chose next was from the Knights. It was a stationery set, including quill pens, ink, and letters. Also, there was a book without contents… Is the fact that it’s in the form of a book and not a notepad or a notebook an indication that they should write their own story in it?

“Ah, I see. You can use this as a diary, I guess?”

“”Diary?””

“It’s something to write down memories from the day, things you don’t want to forget.”

“”Ohh~ will write a diary!””

“Then, let’s make it a habit to do it every day before going to bed.”

“”Will do~””

The blank book thankfully became the children’s diary.

It was a gift that had practicality and that I did not have to be afraid of. As expected of the Knights.

“Then, next one.”

“This one and~”

“This one~”

“Smell something tasty~”

“Nice fragrance~”

“Now that you say it, they smell nice.”

It was from the Vassar and Clark families.

“These are… perfume oils?”

No, they looked more like body oils. Each one had a different scent, and it seems that they selected ones with fruity scents that even the kids would like.

“This one smells like Oren~”

“And this one smells like Lemoné~”

“Why don’t you try them right away after a bath?”

“”Yea!””

Since they are the same type of gift but different scents, means that Celestia-san and Olga-san must have taken the trouble to consult with each other to prepare them.

“”What is this~?””

“Is that from Al-sama? I wonder what that is?”

When I opened the thin box that Al-sama gifted, there was an elegant-looking document box(?) with documents inside.

“This is addressed to you guys…”

On the top of the box was a letter addressed to the children, so I handed it to them, and I picked up the papers underneath it.

“Umm… brown, female, eight months? Chestnut, male, one year?”

It looked like living beings, but… what was this list for?

“Allen, Elena, what did the letter say?”

“”Hmn, you see~”

“Said he gifted us.”

“Horses.”

“Horses!? Ah, so these must be papers documenting the type of the horses they are!”

The children’s words revealed the mystery I was falling into.

“Choose whichever.”

“You like.”

“”It says~””

“……”

Is he really gifting us a horse?

Ah, Richard-sama said that riding horses is his hobby, are they perhaps in cahoots!?

“Ah, this doesn’t look like Al-sama’s handwriting. Is it Grace-sama’s?”

When the children showed me the letter, the writing was clearly that of a female.

… So is this was a prank by the entire royal family?… No, yeah, calling it a prank might be rude. Let’s see… a plan? Surprise? No, I think prank is the most appropriate word.

Moreover, there were also three passes to the castle securely enclosed. I guess it means that… we can come to the castle anytime we want.

“… As expected we can’t accept a horse, can we?”

“”We can’t?””

“Since we can’t take it with us on our travels, wouldn’t you feel sad for the horse because it would have to stay at home all the time? We shouldn’t accept it, but let’s ask if we could borrow a horse when we are at the Capital instead. Is that okay?”

“”Yeah, good.””

I’m going to negotiate borrowing rights for a horse for the children’s horseback riding practice.

I have a feeling they will definitely not accept, but it’s a battle we can’t afford to lose, so I will just have to go in strong!

“”This is~?””

“That’s from Cedric-san’s family.”

The next one they chose next was from the Risner family—Cedric-san’s family, and they were books for children to read. More difficult than picture books and easier than novels that an adult would read. They were books that were somewhere in between.

The contents were all adventure stories, so I guess this book was recommended by Theodore-kun and Latis-kun who said they liked those kinds of stories.

“Books I don’t know!”

“Sounds interesting!”

The kids were an active bunch, but they also like to read books, so they were overjoyed.

“”Wow! This is so cute!””

The present from the McPhersons—Larry-san and Helena-san—were porcelain figurines in the shape of Pastel Rabbits.

“So many!”

“Clothes!”

Velio-san and Almeria-san gifted them a lot of everyday clothes. They even got matching outfits with Lucario-kun for them.

“Last one~!”

“Reirei’s?”

“That’s right. It’s from Rein and Lily-chan—Uwah, it’s so heavy!”

When I lifted the box gifted by Lily-chan and Rein, it was heavier than I had expected.

“”Heavy?””

“Yeah, that startled me. Inside is… ahh, of course this would be heavy.”

“”Ohh~ so cute~””

The things inside were figurines made of stone, each one about the size of a child’s two hands, but there were several of them, so the weight added up~

“Ah, that’s Joule!”

“And this is Feat!”

“Then, over here must be Vector, Bolt, and Mile.”

I didn’t introduce them directly to Rein and Lily-chan, but the fact that I had contracted beasts came up in a conversation. I had also jokingly told them about the species, so they must have remembered that.

The town of Kelm is a mining town, so I wonder if this kind of masonry is a specialty over there?

“You have gotten so many presents~”

“”Each was wonderful!””

“Indeed. It seems that everyone chose them carefully with Allen and Elena firmly in mind. That’s delightful.”

“”Yeah, happy!””

Well, some of the presents surprised me, though.

“Then, here’s one from me.”

“”Ohh! Yaayyy~!”

Incidentally, I had a hard time deciding on something, so I’ve gotten something useful for adventures, such as an easy-to-assemble one-person tent, a spear and bow for practice, etc… I know it’s not a usual present, but I decided to go with something safe and something the kids would enjoy.

“I’m sorry I could only prepare something like this~”

“”So happy! Thank you, Oniichan!””

Oh, I also received what seemed to be a present from Syl and the others… A lot of sugar, fruit, and other sweet things. To be honest, I had doubts if these were really gifts, but the timing suggested that they are.

I felt that the presents from their relatives, including myself, were not as good as the ones they received from others.

… I promised myself that I would think harder for their next year’s birthday.




Chapter 398

Allen and Elena, now seven years old, were quiet at the Ruven residence for a while. But as soon as the New Year arrived, they began to fuss about wanting to go out and play. So today, we decided to go to the Adventurers’ Guild to accept an easy request.

“”Guild~♪ Guild~♪””

The two were in a good mood as they sang, holding hands and skipping along.

“You guys get along so well~”

“”Is that bad~?””

“Of course not. I hope you can get along this well forever.”

“”Yeah!””

I hope they will stay good friends even when they grow up.

Or rather, I hope they will grow up as they are, because if they become rebellious or something, the damage that will cause to me will be too heavy.

“”N~?””

As soon as we entered the Adventurers’ Guild, Allen and Elena stared—Jii~… at a certain female adventurer.

“”Snake~?””

“So you noticed.”

“”Ohh~ it’s a snake!””

The woman appeared to have a white ornament on her arm, but it was not an ornament, but a white snake. Was she a tamer?

“Are you not scared?”

“”Is fine!””

“Fufu, I see. Many grown-ups are scared of snakes, you know~”

“It’s cute, though?”

“Can touch?”

“I don’t mind. Give it a pat. Oh, I’m Arya. This child is Kiltie.”

“Allen is Allen.”

“Elena is Elena!”

“Are you twins?”

“”Yea!””

Allen and Elena quickly became friends with the female adventurer.

“”Ah! Hello!””

“Yes, hello.”

“”Excuse me!””

“Fufu, what polite children you are. Here you go.”

And then, they remembered they forgot to say the greetings… so they did hurriedly, and started petting the white snake—Kiltie.

“Are you these children’s brother?”

“Ah, yes. How do you do, my name is Takumi.”

“Kiltie won’t harm anyone unnecessarily, so don’t worry.”

“Thank you very much for your kindness. I’m sorry for the sudden imposition on my children.”

“I think Kiltie is lovely, but many people say they just can’t stand her. I’m very happy to find someone that appreciates her.”

Well, I’m sure a good percentage of people are not good at dealing with reptiles.

“Is that… a Hellsnake? That’s amazing.”

The Hellsnake is a B-ranked monster, I think. It’s a small but highly venomous snake.

It should be quite difficult to capture a monster like this.

“I was lucky enough to meet this one when it was just a newborn.”

“I see. But even if it was luck at first, the reason why she’s attached so much to you is because you love her so much.”

She was very attached to her, so I don’t think it was just an imprinting.

“Arya, can I have a moment—Oh my?”

“Ah, Myra, sorry. Give me a minute.”

“Is there a problem… there doesn’t seem to be one.”

“No problems here. I’m just introducing Kiltie.”

A woman who seemed to be Arya-san’s companion looked at her and our children alternately and blinked her eyes.

“It seems that these kids aren’t afraid of Kiltie.”

“That’s right! They said that she’s cute!”

Arya-san was all smiles. She must have been very happy to hear Kiltie’s praises.

“Myra~”

“Have you found Arya-san?”

“Ellie~ Madrika, over here.”

Two more women came over.

“Oh, Niisan, these three and I are members of a party called ‘Soleil’. The one who came over first is Myra, and the two after her are Ellie and Madrika.”

Arya, perhaps seeing the inquisitive look on my face, hurriedly introduced me to her companions.

“Err, I am Takumi. These children’s older brother.”

“… Takumi? And twins… Ah! The celebrity around this Guild!”

“Euh!? What do you mean!”

Ellie-san? Madrika-san? I don’t know which one she was, but she suddenly pointed at me and said something outrageous.

“I heard the stories about the blue-haired twins led by a person named Takumi, an A-ranked adventurer! Uwah! Amazing! You really are young!”

“Oh my, Ellie-san, is that the truth?”

“It’s true, Madrika. I heard it from the adventurers who are based here!”

It seems that Ellie is the one who started the unintelligible story.

The story is… some kind of rumor? I think the adventurers were talking about me, and she overheard it… but this is the first time I’ve ever been shouted at face to face like this.

“Ellie, don’t be rude to Takumi-san. Stop pointing your finger.”

“Ah, sorry.”

“Takumi-san, I apologize for my member’s rudeness.”

“I, it’s nothing…”

I was surprised at the yelling, but perhaps more surprised at the attention I was getting, which usually was given to the children.

“I heard that you were a young A-ranker, but I got surprised to see that you were even younger than I thought.”

“Ah~ that I can understand~”

Rank is something that you have to work hard to raise, and I doubt there are many people my age who get A rank~

“Ellie, you really should be more mindful.”

“I’m sorry~ Still… I heard that your kids have a lot of gall, and I guess it’s true. Not many kids would pet Kiltie calmly like that.”

Seeing the children petting Kiltie, not only Ellie-san, but also Myra-san and Madrika-san smiled wryly.

“These children seem to like every kind of creature.”

As long as there is no hostility, there is a possibility that they will get along with any kind of creature.

Conversely, no matter how pretty someone looks, they will never get along if they show hostility.

“I assume that everyone in Soleil is from some other town?”

I don’t know all the faces of the adventurers who are based here, as this is not my base of operations either. But a party of only women would be memorable and easy to hear about, and since I had never heard of them, they must be from another town.

“Yes, we are. We are based in the Royal Capital of Crete. We are here on an escort request.”

I asked a question, and Myra-san answered on everyone’s behalf.

Looking at the exchange we had just had, I guess Myra-san, who seems to be of a firm character, is the leader of Soleil?

“Heeh~ so you are from Creta, huh.”

Speaking of the of Creta, it reminds me of the twin princes and griffons~ Come to think of it, I wonder if the griffon child that was born there is growing up well?

“Alright, Arya. It’s time to go look for another request. You’re the leader of this group, so get a grip.”

“… Huh?”

“Takumi-san, is something the matter?”

“No… I was just a little surprised because I thought… that Myra-san was the leader. I apologize.”

It seemed that Arya-san was the leader of the group.

“Oh, so it’s about that. No need to apologize. Arya is the strongest among us, so we let her be the leader. I’m more of a general manager. I’m also in charge of the purse.”

“… In charge of the purse.”

“We have an allowance system, you see.”

“That’s unusual.”

A party generally splits the rewards from the requests equally, excluding expenses.

“Otherwise, the three of them would have spent all their money immediately.”

“Everything!?”

“Indeed. Arya buys armor and magic tools, Ellie mainly eats food, and Madrika buys medicines. If they find something of interest, they buy it immediately. That being the case, I forcefully deposit their money, and hand them a portion as their pocket money.”

“……”

… That’s similar to what I do with Allen and Elena~ I couldn’t say it out loud.




Chapter 399

“It’s a proof that you are trusted.”

I think that an allowance system can be easily established if the relationship is like that between twins and me, but it is rather difficult for adults who are not family members to establish such a system.

It is not possible without trust, isn’t it~

“I agree. We have known each other for a long time, but I think the fact that my family owns a trading company also plays a big factor.”

“Oh, you are from a trading company? Huh, what does that have to do with trust?”

“It’s a well-known trading company in Creta. The fact that I am a daughter from there is well known in the Cretan Adventurers’ Guild. So, if I do something wrong, it will affect the company.”

“Ahh, certainly…”

Indeed, it could affect her backers~ If I got in trouble because of money, it would definitely cause a problem for them, and the more famous the backers were, the bigger the damage it would cause.

If I get in trouble, it also means that involving the Ruven family and Risner families, who are my guardians~ I’ll make sure I don’t get in trouble.

“Even if the company wasn’t behind you, I would still trust you, Myra!”

“Fufu, thank you. Arya.”

They seem to be a party with a good, trusting relationship.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“N? What is it?”

The children, who had been satisfied with petting Kiltie to their heart’s content, called out to me, while tugging at my clothes.

“Wanna introduce.”

“Joule and others.”

“”To Kiltie!””

“… Ah~”

Apparently, they want to introduce Joule and others to Kiltie.

“Who would you like to introduce to Kiltie?”

“Actually… I also have contracted beasts, but…”

“Is that so!? Since they are contracted, I see! They must be in your shadow right now!”

As I was hesitating to say anything, Arya looked surprised and stared at my shadow.

“I just don’t walk around with them in public very often.”

“I would like to see them too, but I guess it won’t be possible in a place like this, huh~”

“”Can’t~?””

“It’s not that you can’t, but… they would cause a ruckus, so I don’t want to do it here~”

“”That would be bad~””

Allen and Elena crossed their arms and groaned in distress, “Hmm~”

“Are you about to go on a request?”

“N? Ah, yes. Yes, we came here escorting Myra’s family business, the Olberta Company, but we are free to go until their business is finished, so we were talking about checking out the requests in this country and maybe accepting a light one—Ah! Niisan, you guys are here to take a request too, right?”

“Yes, that’s right.”

“Then we can take a request together! If it’s in the outskirts, you can introduce me to your contracted beasts, right?”

“”Ohh~””

Arya-san has just had a flash of inspiration and has a radiant expression on her face.

Allen and Elena also exclaimed in admiration, “So there was a way like this”.

“Myra, is that okay?”

“Arya, calm down first.”

“No?”

“You have to get Takumi-san’s approval first, not ours.”

“Ah, right!—Niisan!”

Arya-san stared at me with her glittering eyes after hearing Myra-san’s words.

“”Wanna go on a request together!””

Allen and Elena look up at me with sparkling eyes.

“Alright, alright—as you can see, we welcome going with you, but how do you feel about going on a request with us?”

“Arya is all for it. Ellie and Madrika… they agree as well.—Takumi-san, we would love to have you with us.”

Myra-san confirmed that her colleagues nodded firmly and agreed to the joint request with a smile.

“”Yay~””

“Oneechan.”

“What do you want to do~?”

“Let’s see~—Myra, you went through the requests first, right? Did you find any good requests?”

The children and Arya immediately start talking about the request we were going to accept.

“’We are a B-rank party. Excuse me, but what is the party rank of your group, Takumi-san? That will affect what requests we can accept.”

“We are C rank.”

“… Oh my?”

“””Eh!?”””

When they heard our party rank, everyone in Soleil shouted in surprise.

Even though they knew I was A-rank, our party would normally be low-ranked since I had kids with me. I guess that’s why they were surprised.

“Eh, surely not, are you saying that… these children are C-ranks?”

“Yes, that’s right.”

“Ehh~~~ i, isn’t that the same as me~…”

When Madrika-san found out the ranks of the children, she was dejected and hung her head. Apparently, Madrika-san was C-rank. Madrika-san was the only one in shock, and in terms of their party rank, the other three were probably B-ranks.

“That’s amazing!”

“”Amazing?””

“Yeah, being C-rank at your age is amazing.”

“”Ehehe~””

Allen and Elena were bashful by Arya-san’s praise.

“Err… it’s me saying it, but my children are not normal, so please don’t mind it too much.”

“Ugh…”

“Madrika has no problem with the written exam, but she has some issues with combat, and even when she got to C-rank, she was just barely able to pass.”

“To move up to B-rank, one needs to have more individual combat skills, after all.”

I didn’t take the exam, so I don’t know the details, but I’m pretty sure that in order to get a rank higher than C, there was something called monster subjugation with an examiner. I guess she can’t pass that exam.

“Madrika’s specialty is recovery magic, you see~”

“Ah, I see. But as a party, it’s safer to have someone with a means of recovery, isn’t it~?”

“Indeed. I can compensate for the combat, so I don’t care if Madrika’s rank is still C. But Madrika herself cares about it a lot~”

Madrika-san seems to be a supportive kind of adventurer. Then it’s no wonder she’s not good at combat.

Does she perhaps feel guilty because of her lower rank compared to everyone else?

“Niisan, could you give her some advice when we work together if you notice something that needs fixing?”

“I don’t mind giving advice if I notice anything.”

Well, if I notice anything during the course of our joint request, I will advise them.

However, I feel like this depends on Madrika-san’s mind~

“Rather than that, Arya-san. Could you please call me by my name instead of ‘Niisan’? I do seem younger than you… I am younger, aren’t I?”

“”Ah, sorry, sorry. Right, of course. Sorry about that, Takumi. I don’t particularly care, but you should be careful when talking about age with women.”

“… Yes, I apologize.”

Arya-san, who was probably in her mid-twenties, called me “Niisan,” and I felt that it was too strange for her to call me that, so I asked her to correct it.

Arya-san seemed unconcerned at the time, but when a sharp look came from Myra-san’s direction, I involuntarily stiffened.


Chapter 400

In the end, we decided to take a joint request with Soleil to collect some medicinal plants.

“”Oniichan, is here good?””

“Yes, it should be fine around here.—Come out.”

I called Joule and the others after we stepped far enough from the town.

“”””Wow~……… Ehh!?””””

Everyone in Soleil was in awe when they saw little Joule, Feat, and Mile, then they fell silent when they saw Bolt, and finally they raised their voices in surprise when they saw Vector. I guess that means that Scarlet King Leo’s identity can’t be falsified, even if small.

“Ta,Takumi, eh, familiars? R, really?”

Arya-san asked while being wary of Vector.

Kiltie was also shirking away after letting out a quiet “Sha~” sound. N? She’s not crying, is she?

“Everything’s alright. They are all my children.”

“”Everyone is kind~””

Well, I guess it is a different matter whether they can accept whatever the twins and I said.

For now, let’s wait for a while.

(Oniichan, there are other people today? Is it work?)

“There is one tamer, and Allen and Elena have become friends with her familiar. So they wanted to introduce everyone to each other.”

(Ah, you are right. That’s… a Hellsnake?)

(A pure white, beautiful child. But, everyone seems to be a little afraid of us?)

Joule wanted to confirm what the situation was, so I picked up Joule and Feat in my arms as I explained the situation. I was holding them both securely for everyone in Soleil to see~…

(Then, it’s better not to approach her for now.)

(I believe it should be fine for us, but you guys should stay away for now!)

Then, Bolt and Mile also landed on my shoulders.

They seemed to feel that they should stay close to me for now.

“As for Vector… he should be alright.”

I was wondering “What to do with Vector~” But Allen and Elena climbed on top of him, when he laid down in front of them.

“… They seem to be very docile children.”

“They are very clever. But, they’re relentless when dealing with the wild ones, so I’m not sure if docile is the right word?”

They are all rather active children, so I would hardly call them docile.

“Three of them are still kids, right? Yet they are already actively hunting?”

“Ah, these three are using Shrinking skill to take these small forms, they are not children.”

“!!

“They are all adult Magic beasts!? Eh, wait a moment! Then, these two I thought were a puppy and kitten are actually…”

“Fenrir!”

“Celestial Tiger!”

“!”

Arya-san fearfully asked the race of Joule and Feat, to which Allen and Elena simply and quickly replied. Then Arya-san gasped and stiffened spectacularly.

“… Am.”

“Am?”

“Amazing, amazing! This is amazing, Takumi! Three S-ranks! That’s way too amazing!”

I thought she was frozen in surprise or fear, but then her cheeks flushed, and she excitedly exclaimed.

“Won’t you show us their original forms!”

“I’m fine with that, but… will that be okay with you?”

“It’s fine!”

“Is that so…—Then, Joule, Feat, Vector, can you show them?”

(Sure~)

(Of course.)

(Alright~)

I asked Joule, Feat, and Vector to return to their original forms.

“Ohh! So, so cool.”

Arya, who is a tamer, seemed to be an animal lover.

“C, can I pet them?”

(Then, how about trying to pet me first?)

Joule approached Arya-san as if to give her approval.

“Wow~~~ Incredible~~~”

(It’s fluffy, right?)

“Yes, it is. Incredibly fluffy.”

Hearing Arya-san’s words, Joule proudly puffed out his chest. Moreover, she was naturally conversing with Joule, isn’t she?

Come to think of it, I had forgotten about since we had become so comfortable at the Ruven residence, but Joule and others can now converse with people other than us thanks to their Telepathy skill. I had been refraining them from talking to the outside world, or rather, to others, just in case, but… They have completely taken their guard down. Arya-san and her friends seem like nice people, though, so that’s okay.

“Arya Oneechan.”

“Try touching Vector next?”

“”It’s a bit prickly, though!””

Allen and Elena teased Vector and encouraged Arya-san to touch them.

(Allen, Elena? You promised not to call it prickly!)

“”We did not!””

Vector was a little teary-eyed because he was a little concerned about his bristly hair.

“Allen, Elena, stop teasing Vector about the quality of his fur. Don’t you feel sorry for him?”

“”Ehh~””

I knew it was not good to make fun of something that Vector himself felt complex about, so I told the kids to stop, but they were not convinced.

“His hard fur is proof that he is excels at defending himself. This basically means that blades can’t easily get through it, you know~?”

“”Is that so?””

“That’s right. It’s amazing~”

“”Ohh~ Vector is amazing!””

(That’s right! The reason I will never get hurt by blades or anything like that is because of these hairs!)

“”I see~ Sorry , Vector. Won’t say it’s prickly anymore.””

(Really!? Don’t say it ever again!—Ugh~ This tamer miss is really nice! She managed to persuade Allen and Elena~~~)

I see, just telling them to stop won’t convince the children, but explaining why the hairs are like this will convince them?

“Thank you, Arya-san.”

“I was just stating a fact that I know.”

Vector seemed to have taken a liking to Arya-san, and when his figure shrunk, he pressed his head against hers.

I’m glad you decided to turn smaller there. If he had stayed in his big form, he would have crushed Arya-san!

“Oh, what’s this about?”

“It seems that he took a liking to you.”

“Ohh, I see! That’s great!”

Arya-san began to stroke Vector.

(Ah~ right there. It feels good, right there.)

“N? Here?”

(Ah~…)

Then, Vector began to swoon from comfortableness.

“Arya is adjusting too quickly.”

“That’s true.”

“Well, Arya loves animals, doesn’t she~”

Myra-san, Madrika-san, and Ellie-san watched Arya-san’s behavior as if they were already used to it.

“Well, I mean, they are all adorable, aren’t they!”

“Coming to that conclusion so quickly is so like you, Arya—Takumi-san, I’m sorry for wasting your time like this. We have already calmed down.”

“No, I’m sorry to have surprised you. Err… Is it okay if we continue with the request? Now that we’ve made the introductions, I can ask them to return to the shadows.“

“It’s fine to go together. We are a tamer’s companions, after all. It’s just that we were startled by all of the big shots here.”

“Oh, yes. It’s not often that we get to work with such a great group of kids, and it’s an experience that we should not let slip~”

“Indeed it is. It’s certainly exciting.”

It seems that not only Arya-san but also Myra-san and her friends have gotten used to Joule’s group.

“”Everyone together~””

(It’s going to be a lively request today, isn’t it?)

(Oh my, we are always lively, aren’t we?)

(That’s true. I do think that the time we spend together is always bustling.)

(Then, we shall be even livelier than usual today!)

We decided to start looking for medicinal plants.




Chapter 401

The search for herbs that began in this way went very smoothly.

(Ah, there’s Lilie Grass over there~)

(There’s some over here, too~)

“Sensitive plants were over there~”

“Found papaw too~”

Joule, Feat, and the children kept finding and collecting various herbs and bringing them to me.

(Ah, a Gray Wolf. I’m going to defeat it~)

Vector, as usual, was running out dashingly when he found a monster, easily defeated it, and returned dragging his prey with him.

(Aniue, there was Yuzuyu over there.)

(Takumi Nii, I found Ena Grass as well!)

Bolt and Mile found fruits and vegetables and returned with a plentiful harvest.

“This is so relaxing.”

“… Indeed, relaxing.”

“Very relaxing.”

“Yep, relaxing.”

Everyone in Soleil was stunned and followed the children's movements with their eyes.

“It’s like we are just taking a walk.”

“Truly. Is this really fine?”

“Well, as an adult, I suppose not~”

“However, we are not getting any action at all~”

“… Hahaha~”

The children's work in collecting and defeated monsters was done without me and everyone else in Soleil having to make a move.

For me, it was a usual scene, but when I heard the opinion that this was not good as an adult, something rang in my mind. Indeed, I will have to make some improvements in the future.

“However… with these amazing monsters as familiars, requests like this would be a breeze~”

(……… Shu~)

“Nono, you are also awesome, Kiltie. You are always of great help to me! No need to feel down!”

“You worded that poorly, Arya. I feel sorry for Kiltie.”

“What are you saying, Myra! I find Kiltie adorable and she is a great helper! I’m talking about Takumi’s familiars’ greatness, and that’s different! Isn’t that too extraordinary!?”

Arya-san may have just praised Joule and the others for how well they did, but from Kiltie’s point of view, she probably felt she was being compared.

“Kiltie’s… Hellsnake’s fangs contain strong poison, right?”

“Yeah, It's a pretty potent paralyzing venom. It's not lethal, but you will lose consciousness within minutes of being bitten.”

“A few minutes, huh. That’s pretty powerful.”

“Yes, it is! And the best thing is that the paralyzing venom of Hellsnakes wears off in a few hours, so it doesn't even affect meat!”

I knew that the venom of the Hellsnake was very potent, but I didn’t know that it was a paralyzer. What’s most amazing is that it doesn't ruin edible meat.

I guess there would be a number of people who wouldn’t like eating… something that has been poisoned, even if the poison fades away?

“Can the meat that Kiltie secured by using her venom be sold as normal?"

“Yeah, there’s no problem to do that. The Guild will appraise the meat and make sure it’s in good condition!”

“Heeh~ Then Kiltie’s venom is very handy.”

I guess that means Hellsnakes use their venom to neutralize their prey and eat them alive.

“What, what?”

“What are you talking about~?”

“N? We are talking about the usefulness of Kiltie’s venomous fangs~”

Allen and Elena returned with a basket full of herbs.

“”Kiltie’s venom?””

“Yes, it’s incredible. It can apparently make monsters immobile in just a few minutes.”

“”Ohh~ That’s amazing, Kiltie!””

(… Shu~)

Kiltie's tail flapped and wagged as if she was happy to be praised by the children.

(Shu, shu, shu~)

“”Eh, is that okay?””

(Shu~~~)

Allen and Elena were having a conversation(?) with Kiltie.

“Err… Allen, Elena? What is Kiltie saying?”

“You see, she’s saying she’s going to show us.”

“How she brings down monsters.”

“Eh, is that so?”

It seems that they were having a real conversation with Kiltie.

It only sounded like squeals to me~

(What, what? Kiltie is going to show us her prowess?)

(Wah~ I am very intrigued.)

(Any chance we can get a suitable monster to come over?)

(Vector, you can’t defeat the next monster that appears!)

(Ugh~ I got it~)

Joule and the others were also interested in Kiltie’s venom, so they were excitedly trying to set the scene.

“Arya-san, it looks like we have decided on our own to get Kiltie to show us how she fights, but… is that okay with you?”

“Ah, yes, Kiltie also looks quite eager, so isn’t that just fine? Rather, it’s about time we got to work, so leave it to us.”

“Right~ we should get to work soon.”

The kids are excited, but as expected, we can't proceed without Arya-san's permission. So I asked for her opinion. Then, not only Arya-san, but also Myra-san agreed.

(Oh, just in time, here comes a Rockbear~)

“Takumi, leave that Rockbear to us!”

“Ah, yes, roger that!”

The Rockbear was to be dealt with by Soleil, so we dropped back a little and waited.

“Arya, Madrika, stop its movements!”

“Got it!—O’Fire, gather around, Fireball.”

“O’Light, pierce my enemy, Light Arrow.”

(Gugargh!)

Arya-san and Madrika-san attacked the Rockbear first with fire and light magic, respectively, and Myra-san and Ellie-san moved toward it with their spear and sword.

“Kiltie, now!”

(Shu~~~)

As Myra-san and Ellie-san challenged the Rockbear from the front, Kiltie took a roundabout path to get behind the Rockbear.

She then took advantage of the opportunity and bit Rockbear on its hind leg.

“Good work, Kiltie!”

(Shu~!)

Soleil did not continue attacking indiscriminately, but kept on defending themselves until Kiltie’s paralyzing venom took effect.

“Is it about the time?”

“It’s going down! Myra, Ellie, don’t get crushed!”

Myra-san and Ellie-san moved away from the Rockbear as it began to wobble. Then, the Rockbear—thud… fell to the ground.

“Ellie!”

“Leave it to me!”

Without a moment's hesitation, Ellie-san approached Rockbear again and delivered the finishing blow.

It was a very fluid battle, and a solid one at that.

“What do you think?”

“”Amazing!””

“Indeed, it was terrific. It was very fluid with no wasteful movements, it truly felt like a ‘party combat.”

It was a style of fighting that we could not imitate yet.

“I'm glad to hear your compliments. However, did you find anything that could be improved?”

“I don't think there was anything in particular that needed improvement. It's just that…—”

“Just that?”

“I'm concerned about how you would act in a situation where Kiltie couldn’t get to an enemy’s blind spot. If you got that down properly as well, then I really didn’t see any problems."

“”””Ahh~……””””

All the Soleil party members let out, "As expected" when I pointed this out.

Soleil clearly fights around Kiltie's paralyzing venom, and if that doesn't work well, it could turn into a drawn out battle, and if they are not skilled at that, they could find themselves in danger. And, maybe they have problems against more than one enemy, too?

“… Umm?”

“I didn't think you could tell our weaknesses just by watching one fight.”

“Indeed. Even though you are this young, should I be saying as expected of an A-ranker?”

Arya-san and Myra-san let out a sigh.

It seems that they have a good grasp of their own weaknesses.




Chapter 402

“Well, for now, we're in a situation where we're trying to do a good job of spotting and avoiding encounters with higher-ranked monsters and herds.”

“That's important. It is also important to prepare various means to ensure a safe escape route in the event of an unexpected encounter.”

“We have prepared everything we could think of.”

This party seemed to be assuming that they will survive without overconfidence in their own strength.

“I wonder if the paralyzing poison will lose its effect if you harvest it from Kiltie? If it is safe, wouldn't it be possible to coat your weapons in it? Like Madrika-san's arrows, for example. Oh, are you already doing that?"

Since Madrika-san seemed to be using a bow and arrow in addition to light magic, I think that if she coated the arrowheads with paralytic poison, they could use it as an attack as well as a feint.

“We have not done that. First, we would need Kiltie to share her venom with us, and then we would need to examine its composition.—Arya, if Kiltie doesn’t dislike it, then please take care of it.”

“All good. Kiltie says she will cooperate.”

Kiltie seemed to have agreed willingly.

“Allen wants Kiltie’s venom, too!”

“Elena wants it too!”

“Ehh!?”

Then, for some reason, the kids wanted the paralyzing venom as well. I thought it was a joke at first, but from the look on their faces, they seemed to be serious.

“Allen, Elena, what are you going to use it for!”

“It might come in handy!”

“That’s why we will keep it!”

“……”

It seems that they had no particular purpose for it.

Great~ I wondered what I would do if they were planning to use it~

(Shu~)

“”Is that okay? Yay~!””

“… Can I take it that Kiltie just say ‘sure thing’?”

“”Yeah!””

It seems that Kiltie has again graciously agreed to the children's request.

The name "Hellsnake" portrays her species as a scary-looking monster, but she has a very gentle personality.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.”

“Give us a—”

“Container please!”

“Right now? Err… is this fine?”

“”Yea!””

I took a bottle out of the Infinite Storage and handed it to them, and the children immediately went to Kiltie.

“Arya-san, can we?”

“Y, yeah, as long as Kiltie agrees, I’m fine with anything.”

“”Thank you!””

The children properly asked for Arya-san's permission as well, and then pointed the mouth of the bottle in front of Kiltie’s mouth. Then, Kitlie opened her mouth and dripped liquid from her fangs.

“”Here, Oniichan, we got it~””

“Ah, yes, thanks.”

With very beaming smiles, they offered me the bottle containing the paralyzing venom.

I wonder… what I should do with this~

“Myra-san, do you want to use this for analysis?”

“This is something Kiltie gave to you guys, so it’s for you to use, Takumi-san.”

“Then, I will gratefully accept.—Thank you, Kiltie.”

(Shu~)

Storing the paralyzing venom in the Infinite Storage will certainly not nullify its effects, so I can use it properly when the need arises.

Well, should I pour out a small amount separately and store it outside the Infinite Storage to check for how long it is effective?

“Well, let’s leave the ways of practical use of Kiltie’s venom for later, for now… what should we do? We have already collected enough to complete the request.”

“It’s still too early to return, so I would like to wander around for a little longer. If possible, I would like you to observe our fighting method again.”

“That’s…”

“Is that not okay?”

“That’s not it, I'm not sure if I can give you any more actual advice since I'm not very familiar with combat myself~ Besides, I'm afraid of saying something bad and giving a bad influence…”

I'm really an amateur when it comes to combat. It would be terrible if Soleil’s balance crumbled because of my poor advice.

“For the advice, it would be enough being aware of our faults. I swear we will make proper judgement regarding your suggestions.”

“Well, if that’s the case…”

Arya-san explained pleadingly. I can’t say no if you say it like that.

“Is that okay with Allen and Elena?”

“”Yea!””

“Allen will observe too!”

“Elena will find faults!”

Allen and Elena also seemed eager to observe Soleil's fighting style.

So after that, we observed Soleil's battle several times, while diligently gathering herbs.

“How was it?”

“Let’s see~”

“”Mhm, you see~””

After each battle, we were asked for our opinions.

“There was no problem I could find.”

“”Yeah, yeah, no problem, no problem!””

I pointed out a few minor points and advised them to reduce their wasteful movements.

But on the other hand, we also learned a lot about "party combat”.

“Well, I guess we better finish soon?”

“Yes, we should get back soon.”

We had to get back to the city before nightfall, so our stroll was over.

“Allen, Elena, we are returning~”

“”Ehh~ I wanna play more~””

“Now, now, requests aren’t a game. We have to properly report on the progress of our job.”

“”Ugh~ alright~””

The kids looked very reluctant, but we returned to the Adventurers' Guild to report on the request. Then, after enjoying a dinner with the Soleil members, which we called a celebration, we said our goodbyes.




Chapter 403 

Today we were at the castle.

The reason being, it was about the inventory of horses that Allen and Elena had been given as a birthday present. As expected, we couldn't accept horses… so we politely replied to their refusal in a letter. But the royal family was not convinced.

The children's eyes lit up when they were invited to come and see the horses, so I clearly told them they were only going to “play” with them.

“The stables are over there.”

“Are there.”

“Many horses?”

“There’s a lot of them~”

Al-sama was our guide.

(Grrr.)

“”N?””

“Eh!?”

Then, all of a sudden, a gryphon landed in front of us.

“”Whoa~! Were you well?””

(Grr!)

When Allen and Elena greeted the gryphon as a matter of course, the gryphon happily rubbed its head against them.

Well… I can't tell the which one it is, but it’s one of the gryphons we have met in Creta, right?

“Takumi!”

“Whoah, Cloud-sama!?”

Moreover, the prince of Creta, Cloud-sama was here as well!

Were they perhaps… lying about the horses, and their goal was to get us to meet with Cloud-sama?

Al-sama, you are smiling in a funny way!

“How come you are in Guardia!?”

“I have a delivery for you, Takumi. I came personally to deliver it. Be grateful.”

“A delivery?”

“Yeah. It’s there. Look over there.”

(Krr.)

I looked in the direction indicated by Cloud-sama and saw a slightly smaller gryphon there.

“That child, perhaps!?”

“It’s the gryphon born from the egg the gryphons tried to give you. By the way, the one rubbing against the kids is its parent.”

As I had thought, it was a gryphon born from that egg.

The baby gryphon had grown to about two-thirds the size of its parent.

“It’s gotten big~”

Well, I didn't see its size when it was born, but considering the size of the egg, it has grown very well.

“How do you do? I’m Takumi.”

(Krrr.)

We made eye contact and greeted each other, and the child gryphon bows his head as if to say hello too.

Then, as it gradually approach me, I held out my hand. Then, the baby gryphon came even closer and rubbed its head against my palm!

“Oh my~ how cute you are~”

“As expected of Takumi. It already likes you.”

As I patted the baby gryphon, Cloud-sama made a face of astonishment.

“Nono, this child is just a friendly one, isn’t it?”

“As if! This fella wouldn’t just let itself be caressed by a stranger!”

“That can’t be~ Even though it’s so amiable?”

Krr, krrr… the child who snuggled up to me was basically purring, so I couldn’t believe it was a hard to please kid.

“Let me tell you, it has not let me touch it even once before!”

“Is that so?—Cloud-sama says he wants to touch you as well, do you dislike it?”

“Takumi, me too! I want to touch it, too!”

“Yes, yes, that person over there is my friend, Al-sama. He wants to pet you too. What do you think?”

(Kuh~… krrr.)

The little gryphon seemed to be a clever child and seemingly understood my words properly.

It looked at me, Cloud-sama, and Al-sama in turn as if it was considering my request, and finally nodded its head in approval.

“Cloud-sama, Al-sama, you may pet it.”

“You truly aren’t normal, Takumi~”

“I think so, too.”

“Didn’t you guys want to pet it?”

“I want to! I will do so gratefully!”

“That’s right, Takumi. Don’t retract your words now.”

Cloud-sama and Al-sama were a little flustered, but when they approach the little gryphon, they did so very carefully and quietly.

“Can I?”

“I would also like to pet you.”

(Krrr.)

The two then asked firmly the little gryphon's for permission before gently touching it.

“Ohh~ it’s surprisingly fluffy to touch~”

“Indeed!”

(Krrr, krrr~)

Cloud-sama stroked its neck and Al-sama stroked its back, and the little gryphon purred pleasantly.

“Huh? That reminds me, where are the kids?—Allen!? Elena!? Where are you~!?”

“”Oniicha~n!””

“N?”

“”Above, above!””

I was so engrossed in the little gryhpon that I hadn’t noticed that the children who were playing with the parent gryphon had disappeared. I hurriedly called out to them and heard the joyful voices of the children above my head.

“Don’t fall~ˇ”

“”Yeah~””

As expected, I stopped petting the little gryphon, thinking I was getting too carried away.

(Krr.)

“N? What is it?”

(Krrr.)

“You want more?”

(Krr!)

Then, the little gryphon rubbed its body against me, asking me to pet it more.

“Hahaha~ you really are a cutie~”

(Krr~)

“Allen, too~”

“Elena as well~”

The children, who had descended from the sky before I realized, bounced up and down, wanting to join in on the fun.

(Grrr.)

Moreover, the parent gryphon joined in, too.

“Hey! Don’t be so pushy!”

The little gryphon in front, Allen and Elena on the left and right, and the parent gryphon from behind, all pushing their bodies onto me together, causing me to lose my balance and almost fall over.

“Uwah!”

Then, the parent gryphon pulled me down, and I was forced to sit down in a daze.

Then, the parent gryphon sat behind my back, and the children jump into my bosom.

“Geez~”

“”Ehehe~””

(Krrr~)

Allen, Elena, and the little gryphon seemed to have similar expressions.

(Grr, grrrr.)

“N?”

(Grr~)

“N~?”

The parent gryphon complained about something, but as expected, I couldn't understand the details because I don't understand the language.

“Umm…?”

“Isn’t it asking about your affinity with its child? It wanted to have its kid become your familiar before, after all.”

(Grr!)

“Ohh, was I correct?”

(Grrr.)

As I was tilting my head in puzzlement, Cloud-sama voiced out his thoughts. And it seemed to be the correct answer.

“To me, it seems you two are pretty compatible.”

“I think so, too.”

“Is that so? I’m glad it likes me, and I don’t dislike the thought, but… are you really sure you want your child to be my familiar?”

(Grrr!)

(Krr!)

When I asked about the matter, the gryphon parent and child both nodded firmly.




Chapter 404

“Takumi, the gryphons seem to be serious.”

“This is indeed very much like a standard Takumi situation~”

Cloud-sama and Al-sama were teasing me with smirks on their faces… I will ignore the two for now.

“”Ya~y. Another member to the family~””

When it came to Allen and Elena, they were overjoyed and hugged the little gryphon.

“… Are you really sure about this?”

(Grr.)

(Krr.)

The gryphons’ resolution seemed firm, so I decided to accept the little gryphon as a familiar.

“Alright. Let’s form a contract, then. Come here.”

(Krrr.)

I took the little gryphon and moved away from everyone a little.

Then, I deployed the magic circle of the contract with Darkness magic. Then, the little gryphon accepted the contract without resistance.

“With this, you are one of our children! Welcome aboard.”

(Krr!)

When the contract was over, the little gryphon happily rubbed itself against me.

I don't feel bad when it's attached to me so much.

“”Oniichan, what’s its name~?””

“Ah, right. Let me think.”

The children inquired, and I realized that I need to name the little gryphon too.

“Umm, are you a male?”

(Krr.)

The little gryphon squealed cheerfully at the word "male" when I asked if it was a male or female.

It's smart, isn't it~

“Well then, let’s see~… Radian. How about Radian?”

(Krrr!)

It seems he liked it, so I decided to name the little gryphon Radian.

In addition, I checked the status and found that both the name and the contract were well displayed.

Interactive Status Window 

＝＝＝＝＝

StatusSkills

Name: Radian

Race: Gryphon (Takumi's Contracted beast)

Age: 0

Level: 2

Wind Magic

Flight

Beak Peck

Night Vision ＝＝＝＝＝

Since he is not yet one year old, it’s normal for his level to be low, but if we are going to travel together, do we need to raise his level somewhat?

The other goal would be to for him to acquire the Telepathy skill.

“Well then, now that you have become my familiar, it won’t be a problem if you spend a little more time together with your parents. What do you say?”

(Grr!)

(Krr!)

The familiar contract is done, but the little gryphon is still small. When I told him that he could stay with his parents for longer, they both shook their head as if to say that they didn't want to do that.

“Eh, you don’t have to live together!?”

(Grr!)

(Krr!)

They both nodded their heads clearly.

“I see. I understand—That being the case, Cloud-sama, is it okay for me to take the child away today? Or should I come and pick him up when you return home?”

“If the parent allows it, then there is no problem with you taking the child today. If I were to object here, the gryphons would be furious with me.”

“Haha, there’s no way they would~”

“No, I’m sure of it. Well, I have no objections anyway!”

I got Cloud-sama’s permission too, so Radian will be with us starting today.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan!””

“N? What is it?”

“Introduce.”

“Joule and others!”

“Ah, right.”

I summoned Joule and the others to introduce our family members to Radian.

(Huh~? Where is this?)

(We are not outside the city today?)

Joule and Feat were tilting their heads at the unusual place they were summoned to.

Well, we usually call them at the Ruven residence or outside the city most of the time.

“This is the stables of the castle. There's a new kid in the family, I want to introduce him to you guys. He's a gryphon child, and his name is Radian.—Radian, these are going to be your big brothers and big sisters, so please do get along.”

(Krr.)

(Ohh~! A little brother! I will take care of him! Ah, I’m Vector!)

(A little brother! Nice to meet you. I’m Joule.)

(I am Feat. Best regards.)

(I’m Bolt.)

(My name is Mile!)

Joule and the others each introduced themselves to Radian.

“Wwha! Wah! Haah!?”

Then, Cloud-sama grabbed me by the shoulders, making incomprehensible noises.

“Oh, it’s Cloud-sama’s first time, isn’t it? These are my familiars.”

Come to think of it, they have met Al-sama at children's birthday party held at the Ruven residence, but they never had the pleasure of meeting Cloud-sama yet~

“Takumi! I didn’t hear about this!”

“Did I forget to tell you?”

“Nonono! This is not something you can casually forget! Aren’t they familiars of outrageous species!?”

“Thanks to a streak of good fortune, they have become our family.”

“I’m telling you, this is not enough to end this conversation!”

Cloud-sama looked at Joule and others in turn.

“Cloud-dono, being surprised by every little thing Takumi does is tiring. You've already heard him about the Crystal Elks, haven't you?””

“Ah, that’s right, something like that happened!—Takumi, seriously, what are you doing!?”

“Eh, has my name really spread into the corners of every country in regard to the Crystal Elks matter?”

“That’s right. They were quite pushy, but I heard all the countries happily received them. I am sure the rewards will arrive one after another.”

“Ah, I've brought a variety of items to give directly to you for our share. You can choose later."

Tristan-sama said that he would leave the rewards for the Crystal Elk horns to each country… but it seems that he really did it.

… Is there really a possibility that rewards from each country will be delivered to us later?

“I wish there was a magic ring in some country’s treasury.”

“Unfortunately, our country doesn’t have one~”

“Eh, did you perhaps tell them about that?”

“Of course. We can’t force you to accept something you wouldn’t want, right? That being said, you will get money if we can’t find a suitable magic tool.”

“… Hahaha~”

It seems like there are no loose ends. I guess this is what one would expect from the royalty?

“Well, it’s getting warmer day by day, but the wind is still cold. Cloud-dono, why don’t we go inside for a cup of tea?”

“Alfried-dono, this is not a public occasion, so why don't we use the kind of language we use to talk to Takumi? No, let's do it.”

“Indeed. I would like that very much.”

“It’s decided then. Takumi, are you still free?”

“Yes, we are good.”

It was sunny today, so it was somewhat warmer, but it was still chilly since the spring had only just begun. So we decided to move indoors. But—

“”Hey, about the horses~?””

“””… Ah!”””

The children's comment made me, Al-sama, and Cloud-sama cry out unintentionally.

So, before tea, we went to see the horses, which was the purpose of our visit, and the children played with them for a while.




Chapter 405

Joule and the others together with Radian were asked to go into the shadow, and after tea in a room in the castle, we went home and introduced Radian to all of the Ruven family members.

Wald-san gave me a look of dismay, but the others accepted him graciously.

“Well then, we should pick a magic tool ornament for Radian as well.”

I took out from the ornaments from the Infinite Storage with magic effects that Syl had given me before.

“I'd like to get Radian a… necklace or an anklet. I wonder if there are any good ones left?"

Since I equipped Joule and friends with the most effective items first, there may not be any good ones left. In that case, I will need to buy one or have it made.

“Oh, there's a ‘Nullification Pendant’ left. This is good. And also… a bracelet, but I think this one would be better."

(Krr~?)

“What do you think, do you like it?”

I let Radian put on the pendant with the effect of abnormal state resistance and the bracelet with the effect of magic attack resistance, and confirmed that they did not interfere with his movements. Then, Radian tried shaking his head and shaking his body.

(Krr!)

“Looks like it’s alright.”

Radian chirped as if to say, “No problem.”

(Now all we need is a tag with your name on it. Aniue, we'll have to have a tag made for Radian as well.)

“Indeed. I have no plans for tomorrow, so let’s have it ordered right away.”

“”Outing~””

I recently learned that there is an unspoken agreement to have the familiars wear a tag with the owner's name engraved on it. Immediately after that, I had them made for Joule and the others and had them all wear it.

So I had to prepare one for Radian as well.

“Oniichan, let’s go to the Guild, too!”

“Oniichan, let’s accept a request!”

“Eh, a request?”

“”Yeah!”

“We will teach.”

“Radian how to fight!”

“Already!?”

Allen and Elena want to receive a request from the Adventurers' Guild, as they intend to go outside the town to give Radian combat training.

“”We are going to make him stronger, faster!””

“Ueh!? I think we should teach him how to use his strengths first and then get him used to combat slowly…”

“”Not good enough!””

Don’t tell me they have a Spartan training in mind?

“Isn’t that too harsh, though?”

“”But, but!””

“The next dungeon we go to.”

“Is an advanced one, you know?”

“Ah~…”

Indeed, we made a promise to go to an advanced dungeon after the auction.

It might be a little dangerous to take Radian there~

“Why don’t we keep him in the shadows during our dive… or something?”

“”Would feel sorry!””

“……”

They would never let me take out the Pastel Rabbits out of my shadow outside the safe zones, but it seems that Radian can’t stay in the shadow even with danger present. So I guess in the children’s eyes, the Pastel Rabbits are pets~

“Erm… you two want to train Radian to the point where he can stay with us in the advanced dungeon, even if he can't fight on his own?”

“”Yeah!””

Even if Radian can't fight at all, if he never leaves any of us, I think it's possible for us to fight while protecting him. But that is only if we are in a normal mountains or forests. In a dungeon, you never know what might suddenly appear, such as traps, so at the very least, he needs to have some defensive skills.

“Radian, in a little while we are going to go to a very dangerous place. What do you want to do? Do you want to go with us? Or do you want to stay at home?"

(Krrr!)

I decided to check with Radian first.

Radian looked at me with vigorous eyes as if he was saying, "I'm going!” Well, there is no way that a child who just signed a contract with me would want to stay away from us. So, this response was one I was expecting.

“If you are going with us, you will have to be able to protect yourself. So you'll have to train, you know?"

(Kr! Krrr!)

When I confirmed once again, Radian replied excitedly.

(Aniue, Radian is saying he will do his best! Please take care of him on my behalf.)

(As expected of our little brother! That’s the spirit!)

(Oh my, I will do my best to cooperate too, then!)

(I will help too!)

(You can rely on me as well!)

“Allen too~”

“Elena too~”

All of the children were encouraged by Radian’s motivation.

“Hahh~…”

The two children and the six animals looked up at me with puppy eyes, and I could no longer oppose them.

“Firstly, a sudden harsh practice is not good for the body, so we will have to do it gradually. Running, flying, and other movements that can be done by Radian to improve his stamina—Joule, Feat, and Bolt will be in charge of that.”

(Got it!)

(Leave it to us.)

(Understood!)

“Vector, you do the usual, stay on alert and take care of the surroundings.”

(You got it!)

“Mile, watch the training from a distance and let me know if you notice anything.”

(I understand!)

I'm going to think about training methods that are not unreasonable.

“What about Allen~?”

“And Elena~?”

“As for you two… play the part of running away and chasing each other when it comes to the running drill!"

“”Will do my best!””

“Do it moderately. If you go all out, it won’t be of any help to Radian’s training.”

“”Yea~h.””

… I would like to take this opportunity to have Allen and Elena learn a little more about taking things easy.

“Other things to do… is to try to fight against wolves and Horned Rabbits, and practice wind magic, I guess? Well, we will go with the flow—Radian, please don't train in a way that puts a strain on your body. If you notice anything unusual about your body, tell me immediately! Okay?"

(Krr!)

I told Radian not to overdo it.

“I guess, we will order Radian’s tag from the blacksmith first thing tomorrow, and then we will go for a run outside the town~”

“”And the request~?””

“Let’s not accept one for now, and just go for a stroll.”

Well, let's just think of it as "going for a picnic" tomorrow.




Chapter 406 

The next day, after ordering the tag from a blacksmith, we came to the forest outside the town.

It would have been fine to run in the open meadows, but we were more likely to find ourselves in wooded areas, so we came to the forest instead of the meadows.

I don't think Radian has any experience running around in a place with obstacles like a forest.

“Let’s start around here. Radian, move to your heart’s content”

(Krr!)

Radian looked around curiously and started to walk slowly.

“One of you should stay by Radian’s side.”

(I will accompany him first!)

“Allen is going too~”

“Elena as well~”

(I will watch the surroundings!)

(I will go with Vector.)

(Then, I’m going too!)

(In that case, I will stay with Niisama.)

Allen, Elena, and Joule were going to accompany Radian, while Vector, Bolt, and Mile were to patrol the perimeters and confront the monsters, while Feat and I were to watch Radian and the others from a little distance…

“”Look, here, over here~””

(Krr.)

Allen and Elena gradually increased their walking speed to lead Radian, who was still looking around.

“Can you catch us~”

“Radian, do your best~”

(Krr.)

The children were successfully goading Radian, and in no time at all, the goading had developed into a chase with Radian chasing after Allen and Elena.

“”Over here, over here~””

(Krr!)

While Allen and Elena ran smoothly through the trees, Radian chased after them, sometimes stopping because he almost ended up in a tree.

(… Kr, rr.)

The same situation continued for a reasonable amount of time, but gradually Radian slowed down.

It looked like he was about to reach his limit, so I decided to stop the kids.

“Allen, Elena, let’s take a berak.”

“”Okay~””

“Radian, come here.”

(… Krr.)

Radian came over to me and sat down, exhausted.

He had been running around a lot, so he must have run out of energy.

“”Radian, are you okay?””

“Have you been running around a little too much? Here, drink some water.”

(Krrr.)

Allen and Elena also came back and patted Radian, looking worried.

The two did not seem to be tired at all, or rather, even out of breath.

“I guess our goal for a while will be to improve your endurance by chasing after the twins like now.”

(…… Krr~)

I think Allen and Elena have a ridiculously inexhaustible stamina, and Radian also had a lot of endurance for such a young age, so I told him that and followed up so that he would not feel down.

(Niisama, I think it would be a good idea to take Radian to a more open place next time and give him the option of flying.)

“Yeah, that might be certainly a good idea.”

Aiming from above is an advantage of those who can fly, so Feat's opinion is very valid.

“Let’s see~ How about we relax like this until noon, and after we eat, let’s move to another place and have you play a tag again. We'll take another leisure break after that and return in the evening. How's that sound?"

“”Can we gather herbs?””

“A leisure break is a free time for enjoyment, so do whatever you like during that. However, you must rest properly!”

“”Got it~ We going off~””

(Ahh! Allen, Elena, wait up. I’m going too~)

Allen and Elena replied cheerfully and immediately began gathering medicinal plants.

They really do have an inexhaustible supply of energy. They definitely seem to have more stamina than I do.

“How lively they are~—Radian, come and relax with me.”

(… Krr.)

As I petted the dozing Radian, he quickly fell asleep.

(Oh my, did he fall asleep?)

“Seems like it.”

(He must have gotten tired after running around so much and as fast as he could.)

“Indeed~ As far as I could see, he has quite a bit of endurance and speed, doesn’t he?”

(Truly. I think he’s quite something. It’s just that when you compare it to Allen and Elena’s…)

“Those two are not normal, after all. However, I think we have to be careful so that Radian doesn’t feel depressed from being compared to the twins. Please be careful about that as well, Feat.”

(Yes, I understand.)

Feat and I sat beside Radian and watched him quietly.

(…… Krr?)

“Good morning. You slept well. Have you recovered a little?”

(Krr!)

Within an hour, Radian woke up.

He got up and sat down again, right next to me, and rested his chin on my thigh.

“N? What is it?”

(My, oh my, he’s acting spoiled.)

(Ahh, so that’s it. Haha, what cutie~”

(Oh my, what about me?)

Feat also came to the opposite side of Radian and places her chin on my thigh.

“Of course, Feat is also a cutie.”

(Fufufu~)

(… Krr~)

I patted them both generously on the head.

“Ah~ I’m reluctant to stop, but it’s about time I start working on lunch.—What would you like to eat, Feat, Radian?”

(Oh my, how unfortunate. Let’s see~ How about we let Radian choose this time?)

(Krr~?)

(But, Radian doesn’t know any of Niisama’s dishes, right~—Radian, between meat and fish, which do you prefer?)

(Krr!)

(That being the case, Niisama, please cook a meat dish.)

“Meat it is, roger that!”

After Feat interviewed Radian, it was decided that lunch would be a meat dish.

“Meat, meat… ah, let’s make a gyuudon.”

Suddenly, I had a hankering for a beef bowl, so on the authority of the one who cooks, I decided on a beef bowl.

As for the meat… let’s use Armored Buffalo meat, I guess? Next, I need scallions. Cook the rice, and as for the red pickled ginger… let’s give up on that one.

(Niisama, sorry for not being able to help.)

(Krr~)

“I’m not making anything complex, so don't worry about it.”

It seems that Feat and Radian were a little depressed about not being able to help with the cooking. Well, it can’t be helped that they can't help with the cooking.

(Krr!)

(Indeed, it smells so good.)

(Feat, so you can understand what Radian is saying?”

(I'm afraid I don't know exactly what he's saying, since we don't speak the same language, but I have a vague idea.)

“I see.”

It looked like a normal conversation, but they weren't talking, huh.

So, does that mean that Bolt is the only one who can understand what Radian is saying at the moment? Well, whichever it is, I hope he learns Telepathy as soon as possible.

“Okay, it’s done~”

“”Looks delish~””

By the time the food was ready, the children who had scattered returned as if lured by the smell, so we all ate while it was still warm.

(Krr~~~)

“Oh, do you like it?”

(Krr!)

Radian liked it so much that he ate his beef bowl in a daze.

And after that, we took an after the meal break and then moved to the meadow to conduct another training session for Radian in the afternoon.




Chapter 407

Since we had no plans for the next day, we decided to go out of town and train Radian again.

“Well then, what do we do today? Is there something you want to do?”

“”N~? Play tag?”

(Krr~)

We hadn’t decided on anything in particular to do, so I asked the kids for their opinions, but they didn’t seem to have anything special in mind either.

“If Radian doesn’t mind, let’s just play tag in the morning.”

(Krr~)

“Then, let’s play~”

“Radian, run away~”

(Krr!)

(Ah, I’m going with you today!)

It seems that Radian is the one running away today, not the one chasing, and at the signal from Allen and Elena, Radian rushed off. With Mile on his back.

Then, for some time, Allen and Elena chased after Radian.

“Radian doesn’t seem to mind the training at the moment.”

(Well, even though we call it a special training, it’s only a prolonged playtime at the moment~)

“That’s true.”

(Indeed. It’s a fun way to strengthen his endurance, and I think it’s a very efficient way of training!)

We were currently at a meadow with a good view, so we can easily see if monsters are approaching, so except for Mile, everyone was relaxing by my side.

“Are you not going to run around today, Vector?”

Today, Vector was unusually staying by my side.

(He was scolded a lot yesterday, so he’s being obedient today~)

“Eh, he was scolded that much yesterday?”

(Yeah, by Mile~)

How obedient~… the moment I thought, he hung his head dejectedly.

“By Mile? What happened?”

(Vector accidentally tried to use magic in the forest.)

“Ah~…”

The only magic Vector can use is Fire Magic. Fire is indeed dangerous in the forest.

“… Well, it can’t be helped that he got scolded for that~”

(I think so, too.)

He’s properly reflecting on his mistake.

(But you see, but you see. That guy’s meat is really yummy! Ugh~… it ran away~)

“……… Bolt, what kind of monster was it?”

(It was a Quickbird.)

I have never seen this monster before. But from the name, it must be a very swift moving bird.

(It’s light, but very satisfying to eat bird! I wanted to eat it~~~)

He’s feeling dejected… not because he was scolded, but because he couldn’t eat the Quickbird… Well, that’s so like Vector.

“I do get the feeling that you wouldn’t lose to any heavyweight class opponent, but fast moving enemies seem like they would be a bit difficult to handle for you.”

(That’s right~ Say, Niichan, how could I take it down?)

“Ermm… give up.”

(Eh!?)

“Each person is suited more for different things. Let Bolt or Feat handle fast moving opponents.”

Well, not person, but monster in this case.

Bolt and Feat can fly, and they are capable of manipulating their magic attacks well, so they would be able to bring down even the swiftest opponents easily.

(Oniichan, what about me?)

“Although you can’t fly Joule, you are quick on your feet, and you can use magic well, so I think it would be possible for you?”

--- ---

Joule can’t fly, but he can fire icicles at high speed, so he could bring it down if he aimed well.

(Niicha~~~n.)

“……”

Vector let out a pitiful voice.

However, no matter how fast Vector’s Fire Magic is, I’m still afraid of surroundings catching fire.

Is it because my image of Fire Magic is burning things up…… and total annihilation? But, I can’t think of any safe way of using Fire Magic~

(Give it up, Vector.)

(Next time you see a Quickbird, let me know and I will take it down for you.)

Feat and Bolt spoke to Vector, admonishing him.

(And there’s that. How about not chasing it and luring it to you instead? That way, even you could bring it down without using magic!)

(How would I do that?)

(N? I’m not sure~)

(I can’t put it into practice then!)

(Hahaha~ Ah~ There, right there, feels good~)

Vector pushed his head against Joule as if he was venting out his anger on him.

Although Vector is smaller in his little form than Joule in his original size, Vector’s force is stronger, so Joule’s body slips and shifts little by little. But Joule was strangely feeling comfortable… pressure points?

“Ah, speaking of which…”

(Ah, it’s a Quickbird!)

(Indeed. Let me get it!)

When I saw a Quickbird flying over, Bolt quickly chased after it.

“Oh~ Bolt is closing the distance at a great speed~”

(Oh my, but the Quick Birtd noticed Bolt as well and increased its speed.)

(It’s running away~ Bolt, don’t let it escape~)

“Ah, it’s falling.”

(It looks like he struck it with Lightning Magic.)

When a Quickbird concentrates on escaping, is it indeed difficult for even Bolt to catch up with it? Eventually, Bolt had to use Lightning Magic to finish off the Quickbird.

(I’m back. It was quite fast. As expected, I couldn’t seem to catch up with it.)

“Welcome back. I think you almost had it?”

(Woww~~~ Thank you, Bolt~~~—Niichan, Niichan, I want to eat the Quickbird for lunch!)

“Yes, yes, I know.”

The Quickbird was steamed with various vegetables, steamed chicken style, and served with a ponzu-like or sesame sauce, and as Vector said, the meat was light but satisfying.

“”This is yummy!””

(Krr~)

The kids, who were hungry after running around, liked it and ate plenty of it.

“We want more!”

“Of this meat!”

(Krr~)

(Me too~!)

Unfortunately, there was not much meat on a single Quickbird, and we had eaten all of it in one meal.

(Are there anymore Quickbirds around here~?)

(I wonder? Since there was one around here, it might have a nest nearby.)

(Aniue, shall we search for it in the afternoon?)

(I will do my best to search!)

Everyone was full of motivation.

“Well, there’s no point in doing nothing but training, so let’s start searching in the afternoon.”

“”(((((Yay~)))))””

(Krr~)

So, after the lunch break, we decided to look for more Quickbirds.




Chapter 408

Special training revised, procurement. 

“Wonder where, wonder where~♪”

“Mr. Quickbird~♪”

(Come this way~♪)

(Krrr~♪)

Allen, Elena, Vector, and Radian were singing happily as they walked through the forest.

(These guys~)

(Fufu, how cute.)

(Vector is unusually participating as well.)

(He looks like a child!)

The children(?) that didn’t act like kids were warmly watching them over.

“”Ah!””

Perhaps having found something, Allen and Elena ran toward a tree on the side of the path.

“”Radian, come~””

(Krr~?)

“Look, this is Bletilla.”

“And this one is Lilie.”

“”Pick them like this! Remember it!””

(Krr!)

As soon as they called Radian over, they taught him how about plants and how to pick them.

“Allen, Elena, he can get used to that kind of knowledge slowly, you know?”

“”No! Has to learn step by step!””

“But, learning how to protect himself takes priority, okay?”

“”Radian can managemon!””

(Krr!)

I thought it would be best not to cram too much into one session, but the children, and of course Radian, responded with enthusiasm.

“Well, if you are willing then that’s fine with me, but… don’t overdo it, Radian.”

(Krrr~)

For now, let them do what they want to do~

(Ah! A Quickbird!)

(Where? Joule, where is it!?)

(Look, it’s over there, Vector.)

Joule found a Quickbird, and Vector looked around restlessly.

(There it is! Over there!)

And as soon as Vector spotted the Quickbird, he ran off.

(I won’t lose today!)

As if to make up for the humiliation of yesterday’s defeat, Vector ran toward Quickbird.

“”He’s gone~?””

(Ah~ He should have left it to Bolt~)

(Fufu, that Vector~)

(I will chase after, just in case.)

(Geez~ What a child!)

(Krrr~?)

The other children stared at Vector’s back, looking a little dismayed.

“”Ah!””

“What is it?”

“”There is another one over there!”

“N? Ah, you are right.”

The children found a Quickbird that was in the opposite direction Vector ran in.

“Allen, ELena, try aiming your magic at it. Let’s see~ I think an arrow would be good.”

“”Okay~!——Water Arrow.””

The Quickbird was careless, as if it didn’t realize that we have found it. So, I let the children aim well and fire their magic.

“”Yay!””

(Oh, you hit it!)

(Your aim was perfect~)

Allen and Elena successfully hit the Qucikbird with magic.

(It fell! Radian, go get it!)

(Krr!)

--- ---

Mile sent Radian to pick up the Quickbird that Allen and Elena have killed.

(Krrr~)

“”Thank you, Radian~””

(Kr! Krrr.)

“”True.””

“Let’s have Oniichan make.”

“A yummy meal with this.”

(Krr!)

As I thought, they were having a conversation~ How mysterious.

“Yes, yes. Think carefully about what you’d like to eat.”

“”Yea!””

(Krr.)

I’m sure that Radian’s response would be either “Yeah” or “Yes”. I can understand this much, but… I don’t understand the other nuances. I have to be diligent, too~

“Now then, is Vector coming back yet?”

(N~ It doesn’t seem that way. Is he chasing after it flew away~?)

“That probability is high. Well, he will sniff his way back to us later, so let’s go ahead~”

(Yeah. Let’s look for prey ourselves.)

(Bolt went after him too, so he will be okay! Let’s leave him!)

For now, we decided to walk on our own, looking for more Quickbirds, even though there weren’t any.

“”Next is, souvenirs~””

“Souvenirs? For the Ruven family?”

“”Yeah~ Also!””

“For Radian’s”

“Father!”

“Ahh, I’m sure he would love that.”

Cloud-sama and his party are planning to stay in Guardia for a little while longer. They can still deliver the goodies.

“I have an appointment to see Cloud-sama again, and I still want Radian to see his father a few more times before he returns home, so let’s do our best to collect souvenirs.”

“”Will do~””

(Kr~)

That being the case, we continue and start collecting souvenirs.

“”Ah!””

(Kr~?)

Allen and Elena found something and ran after it, and Radian followed.

“Ah! Radian, wait!”

I saw a Giant Boar in the direction Allen and Elena were heading, so I rushed to stop Radian.

(Krrr?)

“This is too dangerous for you right now, so stay over here.”

(Krr, krrr~)

“Allen and Elena will be fine. Just watch.”

Radian turned curiously, but he looked at Allen and Elena anxiously, so I showed him their fight firmly.

“”Take this~!””

Allen and Elena jump kicked right from the start.

The Giant Boar got pushed back a few meters. It was a pretty good kick, but they didn’t seem to be able to finish it off.

But while the Giant Boar was flinching, Allen and Elena split off to the left and right and started running.

“”And thisss!””

Then, they kicked at the same time, as if sandwiching the Giant Boar.

(Krrr~♪)

Radian squealed happily as the Giant Boar fell to the ground with a yelp.

“”Did you see, Radian?””

(Krrrrr.)

“”Was it amazing?””

(Krrr!)

Allen and Elena hugged Radian as soon as they returned and asked him what he thought of their fight. Then, Radian rubbed against them excitedly.

Surely, Allen and Elena wanted to show their brother the best of them as his older siblings.

“You got a better souvenir than a Quickbird~”

It’s more fatty than the Quickbird, but it’s also many times more meat.

The meat for souvenir doesn’t have to be lean or anything, so let’s gift him this instead.




Chapter 409

Vector and Bolt, who had joined us, had caught three Quickbirds. So I immediately contacted Cloud-sama to give him a souvenir, and he asked me if I wanted to go with him to the Fiji Company tomorrow.

So to meet up at the Fiji Company store, we arrived a little early. As soon as we arrived, we were pulled into the parlor by Stefan-san, the president of the Fiji Company.

“Takumi-dono! The furikake is now on sale!”

“Eh? Ah, is that so? That’s good to hear.”

“Along with that, white wheat and the magic tool for cooking white wheat are also selling well!”

“I see, is it the synergetic effect?”

“Takumi-san, your reaction is too poor!”

“I, is that so…”

Stefan-san banged on the table. It seems that he didn’t like my reaction.

But it’s hard for me to be high-spirited about the fact that furikake is selling well~

“President, you have a visitor.”

“Ah, Cloud-sama.”

Just as I was troubled responding to Stefan-san, a shopkeeper led Cloud-sama and his group inside.

Cloud-sama had several companions. Well, a prince of a country can’t move about on his own, so they must be his assistants and bodyguards.

“Oh, you came first, Takumi—President-dono, thank you for making time for me today.”

“No, thank you for coming all the way here today. I am Stefan, the president of the company. Please, call me Stefan.”

“I will take you up for it. Stefan-dono, he’s from the Olberta Company, and I’ve brought him here for this transaction.”

“I am Toya of the Olberta Company. I look forward to working with you today.”

One of them was a member of the Olberta Company, the family of Myra, a member of the adventurer party Soleil, whom we had met the other day. His looks are similar to Myra-san’s, so he’s not only an employee but most likely a blood relative of hers. He is… not old enough to be her father, so it must be her older brother.

“Takumi.”

“Yes?”

“Don’t yes me… it’s your turn.”

“Ahh!”

Before I knew it, all eyes were on me, and I realized that, at Cloud-sama’s urging, I had to introduce myself as well.

“I am Takumi, an adventurer. These are my younger siblings, Allen and Elena.”

“I’m Allen!”

“I am Elena!”

Allen and Elena each raised their hands and said their names.

“”Hey, hey.””

“Are you Myra Oneechan’s.”

“Oniichan?”

The children also seem to have noticed the relationship between Myra-san and Toya-san, and they tilted their heads as they asked Toya-san.

“Yes, that’s right. As I thought, you guys are the ones who took on a request together with my little sister’s group?”

So he was Myra-san’s brother, after all.

“What, you already know each other, Takumi?”

“No, this is our first time meeting in person. But we met the party of adventurers who are escorting them here just yesterday.”

“Ah, that all female party?”

It appears that Cloud-sama knows of the Soleil party as well. Ah, but, Cloud-sama brought Toya-san with him, so they probably came together?

“Their leader is a tamer, and my children instantly taken liking to her.”

“Ah~ That, I can easily imagine~——Allen, Elena, did you know that there are two kinds of tamers?”

“”Two kinds?””

“That’s right. Tamers who form solid bonds with their familiar monsters are fine, but watch out for tamers who forcefully subdue monsters to do their bidding. You better don’t get close to them.”

“”… Got it~?””

Allen and Elena replied to Cloud-sama’s advice while tilting their heads.

“Do they really understand? They are tilting their heads.”

“Ah~ I’m not sure, but it should be fine.”

“You are not sure, yet it should be fine?”

“My children are sensitive to all beings’ nature. The emotions of enslaved monsters would surely be negative, so it is more likely that they would be wary and hide behind me, rather than approach them with open arms.”

“I see. That’s good then.”

--- ---

Oh~…… but the kids nowadays probably wouldn’t hide and would snarl at them with hostility instead~

“Still, not being afraid of Kiltie, your children are quite gutsy.”

“”Kiltie was so cute!””

Toya-san looked at the children with admiration, since there probably weren’t many people who weren’t afraid of Kiltie.

“Takumi-dono, Kiltie is…”

“A Hellsnake.”

“… I see, there would be more people afraid of that.”

When Stefan-san found out what Kiltie was, he pulled a stiff face.

From a normal person’s point of view, Hellsnake is a threat to one’s life, isn’t it? Well, even if the venom of the Hellsnake itself doesn’t kill you, if your body is paralyzed, and you can’t move in a place where monsters frequently appear, it’s a definite life-threatening situation.

“Speaking of which, what kind of business did you come to the Fiji Company for, Cloud-sama?”

“Hey, hey, hey. Don’t you have any expectations?”

“Yes, none at all.”

“It’s about you.”

“Me?”

“Yes. You made it, or invented it and entrusted it to the Fiji Company.”

“Oh!”

No need to guess, it’s either about the rice cooker, shaved ice machine magic tool, Simple Salt Series or curry powder!

Cloud-sama liked the food I made, too! I wonder if he’s thinking of spreading the word in his own country as well as stocking up on what we use ourselves?

“However, I’m surprised you were concealing a few more hidden gems, Takumi.”

“Hidden gems?”

“I only knew about the white wheat, curry powder, and shaved ice, but there are a lot of other condiments and seasonings on the market here!”

“Recently, we also received a suggestion for an accompaniment for white wheat called Furikake.”

“So there’s even more now! Anyway, we are here to sign a contract to supply them to Crete! Unfortunately, the Fiji Company does not operate there!”

Good food is justice! As the saying goes, when you know something tastes good, you want to get it again.

“Did you never consider expanding to Crete?”

“We have our hands full in Guardia, so we may go there to stock up, but it is not possible to open a branch at this time.”

“That’s why I am trying to get the Olberta Company a contract to distribute the Fiji Company’s products in Crete.”

“… I see~”

What do I say…… isn’t this kind of big deal, then~

“On the contrary, the Oblerta Company is going to wholesale some of the stuff they deal in to the Fiji Company. You already know of vanilla, for example. As you suggested, we also used it to create a perfume, and it became a popular product, especially among women.”

“A perfume? Ahh, we did talk about that!”

I did tell him that women would like perfume that smelled of vanilla, or something like that.

“Hey, you forgot!? Let me tell you, I have designated you, Takumi, as the originator of the idea, so a portion of the profits will be transferred to you.”

“Eh!?”

… Our sources of income have increased before I realized yet again.

“You should have received several transfers by now. Didn’t you notice?”

“… Takumi-dono, when was the last time you visited the Merchants’ Guild?

“……”

I can’t remember when I was last there at all!

“Alright, after this business meeting, you are coming with me.”

“… Yes.”

Because of my silence, Cloud-sama realized that I had not been there at all, and he forced me to go there with him after.




Chapter 410

The greetings were over, and the business meeting began in earnest.

“Well then, we shall use the guild’s teleportation device if there are any changes, is that okay?”

“Yes, that is fine.”

However, it was clear what the Olberta Company wanted to purchase, so they conducted a simple price negotiation and confirmed the quantity that the Fiji Company would be able to wholesale. They also sold the recipe itself and confirmed what they would produce and sell via the Olberta Company.

“Do business negotiations usually go this smoothly?”

“No, it is usually more difficult, the atmosphere is also tense.”

“Is that so?”

From Stefan-san’s point of view, this business meeting was not normal.

“I have never had such a calm business meeting before. For better or worse, merchants are always looking for favorable conditions for themselves. It’s hard to tell what they’re up to when they’re thinking with a constant smile on their face.”

I vote that Toya-san is also not normal.

However… a scheme hidden behind the smile, huh~ It must be difficult dealing with black-hearted people like that~

“Well, this time it’s special because Takumi and I were present.”

“I can understand you, Cloud-sama… but me?”

When dealing with Cloud-sama, who is royalty, I can understand that you’d add a kind touch to the business meeting as a sign of closeness… or with the intention of flattering him.

“This time, though, it’s all your work, Takumi! You are my friend, so Stefan-dono is being very accommodating.”

“Ahh! I see!”

I see, so it’s a preferential treatment for a friend’s friend.

“Yes, indeed. That’s one thing, but then there’s the fact that Takumi-san doesn’t say anything about the rates he gets.”

“Oh, so since Takumi doesn’t raise his rates, the wholesale price settles down on a reasonable level as well?”

“Yes, that’s right. Takumi-san doesn’t raise his rates, on the contrary, he is surprised to see he gets a share too.”

“Come to think of it, you were surprised about the vanilla earlier, too.”

“……”

… The seasonings I made aside, I wasn’t expecting to get anything from the vanilla~

“Takumi’s good nature as a person is a little worrisome, but with everyone around him keeping an eye out for each other, it shouldn’t be a problem.”

“I suppose so~ Well, if something should happen, we, the Fiji Company, are always willing to help, even if only in a small way.”

“From now on, please include us, the Olberta Company, in the group.”

Well, it’s good to have lots of allies, so let’s not worry about it.

“That reminds me, Takumi, you said you wanted to give me something, right?”

“”Ah! Meat!””

“Meat?”

“It’s Quickbird and Giant Boar meat. The children killed them, and they wanted to give it to you and Radian’s dad… the gryphon’s parent.”

“You’re already taking the gryphon child hunting!?!

“Nonono! I haven’t let him do any real hunting yet!”

I want you to stop having strange misunderstandings!

“We’re just getting Radian used to walking, mainly in the mountains, and the other kids are in charge of the hunting. Well, he does go out to retrieve the ones they killed, though.”

“I think you’re moving pretty fast, though. It’s only been a few days since you signed the contract, right!”

“What can I say, Allen and Elena are more eager to train their little brother than I am…”

“”Special training, special training♪””

“… Ahh, I see.”

Seeing Allen and Elena, Cloud-sama had a somewhat dumbfounded yet understanding look on his face.

“May I have a word?”

“What is the matter, Toya-dono?”

As Toya-san approached us in a reserved manner, Cloud-sama tilted his head and asked back.

--- ---

“Is there a gryphon among Takumi-san’s familiars? I talked to my sister and her group the other day, and I don’t remember them saying anything about a gryphon…”

“He wasn’t there when we accepted the request together. Was it the next day? Cloud-sama called me to come over and left the little gryphon in my care.”

“I see, so that’s how it is.”

Toya-san must have heard about Joule and the others from Myra-san and the others. But we hadn’t met Radian yet at that time~ No wonder they didn’t tell him about Radian.

“Still, when it comes to Takumi-san’s group, a Giant Boar would not pose any threat, right~”

“”It won’t~!””

“You sound so reliable.”

Stefan-san was talking with the children as if he was impressed.

“Oh, let’s get back on the topic, before we forget about the meat. Ah! Takumi, why don’t you cook something with that meat for me?”

“Ohh, that’s something I’d love to partake in!”

When Cloud-sama suddenly came up with that idea… Stefan-san’s eyes lit up, and he joined in on the conversation. Toya-san also looked at me with expectant eyes, although he did not speak.

“”Food~””

Allen and Elena were also hungry… as could be seen from their hands rubbing their stomachs.

“Nono, how did it come to this?”

“It’s fine. We won’t eat the gryphon’s souvenir.”

“I’m not talking about that… you are talking about me cooking something for you, but I have no place to cook!”

“If you need a place, you can use our staff’s break room!”

“Takumi, the place has been secured!”

“……”

On top of crushing their expectations by saying no, now that Allen and Elena wanted to eat, I couldn’t possibly refuse.

And most of all, I myself don’t mind being told that the food I make is delicious~

“Alright, alright. Umm, Giant Boar or Quickbird, which one would you like to eat?”

“”Both!””

“Eh, both?”

“”Yea!””

“Sure, but the two meats are too different, so they need to be cooked differently~ So what kind of dishes would you like?”

Quickbird meat, which is light, is the complete opposite of the boar meat, which has a strong taste.

“”Mm, let’s see~… ah, that would be nice!””

“That?”

“”Sukiyaki!””

“Sukiyaki, huh. Let’s do Giant Board sukiyaki, then. What about the Quickbird?”

“”N~… different from before?””

“Ah~ you mean something different from the steamed dish we had the other day?”

“”Yeah!””

“Understood—What would you like to eat, everyone?”

Since I have heard the children’s opinions, I will ask Cloud-sama and others if they have any requests.

I think I should have asked the prince, Cloud-sama, first, but here, the children come first.

“I heard that all food you make is delicious, so anything is fine with me.”

Stefan-san and Toya-san nodded in agreement with Cloud-sama’s reply.

“I don’t know who you got that information from, but please don’t get your hopes up too high~”

Since there didn’t seem to be any particular requests, I think I’ll bake the Quickbird with cheese~

So, borrowing the break room from Stefan-san, I made the dishes quickly and easily. Everyone liked the Giant Boar sukiyaki and the Quickbird baked with cheese, and they all went down nicely.

Finally, I served a yogurt ice cream I had left over for dessert, which Stefan-san was very interested in and asked me to elaborate on the yogurt. So maybe one day yogurt ice cream will be served at “The Refreshing Arbour.”

After the business meeting was over… or rather after the meal, we were really taken by Cloud-sama (almost dragged) to the Merchants’ Guild to get a written record of deposits. I checked… but there was a list of payment records that far exceeded my expectations, and I quietly put the document away in my Infinite Storage.

“Ah, we forgot to hand over the souvenir for daddy gryphon.”

“”Ahh!””

Since we had forgotten to hand over the souvenir, we chased after Cloud-sama and delivered the meat directly to daddy gryphon.




Chapter 411

At last, today was the day of the auction.

“”So many people~””

“Indeed.”

We arrived at the venue to meet up with Al-sama, but there were more people than we expected, and we were stunned as we looked around.

“”Where is Al-sama~?””

“Al-sama told me to meet him inside the venue. I believe he said he would have a Knight we know waiting for us at the entrance, so let’s go there first.”

“”Roger!””

So we headed for the entrance of the venue.

“””Ah!”””

“Takumi-dono!”

And there, in a very obvious place, stood Najack-sama.

He immediately noticed us and called out to us.

“Did you take the trouble to wait for us, Najack-sama!?”

“I am the one who knows Takumi-dono the best. I’ve been meaning to tell you this for a long time, but I think it’s time for you to change the honorifics you address me with. No need to be this stiff with me.”

“Eh? Eh?”

“Since aunt is treating you as her son, then you are a cousin to me, and we are the same age, as I recall.”

Come to think of it, Najack-sama is Rebecca-san’s nephew, and he and Wald-san are cousins.

But even if… Rebecca-san treats me like a son, it doesn’t mean that my relationship with Najack-sama has to be that of cousins, though~

“I don’t know if I would call us cousins, but since I do want us to get along better in the future, I will call you Najack-san. Rather, aren’t you the one addressing me with -dono!?”

“Well, I will call you Takumi-san from now on, then.”

“Yes. You can speak as you usually do with me as well, you know?”

“I usually speak this way, so.”

I guess you can’t force someone who normally speaks with a polite tone to speak in a more informal manner, huh.

“Naja Nii.””

“Call Allen, Allen!”

“And Elena, Elena, okay?”

“Yes, understood.”

“……”

When it comes to Allen and Elena, they strangely like to shorten other people’s names. From Najack to Naja, they completely omitted the rest of his name. Najack-san doesn’t seem to mind, so… it’s okay?

“Takumi!”

After that, Najack-san led us to the place where Al-sama was waiting for us, and the moment my eyes met his, he called my name. He seemed to be very excited.

“What is the matter, Al-sama?”

“Good news! There will be a magic ring auctioned off today!”

“Eh, seriously!?”

“Yes, I have no doubts about it!”

It seems that Al-sama knew I wanted a magic ring, so he informed me immediately.

“I would love to have that!”

I plan to look for magic rings in the advanced dungeon, but I can’t be certain we will find one, and I don’t mind having more than one, so if I can get it, I’ll get it.

“The magic ring will be, of course, auctioned during the night session.”

“… Night session?”

“Ah, it’s your first time at auction, isn’t it?”

--- ---

The auction is divided into three sessions: morning, afternoon, and night, and they have different price ranges, roughly speaking. The morning auction was for general items, the afternoon auction was for high-end items, and the evening auction was for rare items.

There is a catalog of sorts, and the participants can browse through it and decide what they want to buy beforehand.

“By the way, all of the items you provided will be auctioned at the evening session.”

“Huh, is that so?”

I was asked if I have any unusual items that could be auctioned off, and I replied in a half-joking tone: Not many, but I do have a few to auction off.

By the way, the items I chose were… polka-dot dyes, Gaya wood, Majesta leaves, red truffles, and pearls. The children were still opposed to selling food-related items, such as the Majesta fruit and Kelm salt, but not to the truffles. That’s because truffles are for enjoying the aroma, and the taste is very subtle. The children probably did not object because they do not like them very much.

I decided to auction off a few pairs of Crystal Elk antlers and three “Blue Rose Drops” as well. It would cause a fuss, but they are items that many people desire, so… that’s that.

Moreover, Allen and Elena would also be auctioning off a piece of Heavenly Drops each.

“”This place is amazing~””

“Isn’t it?—Al-sama, this must be a private room, right?”

“Yes, it’s the room we usually use.”

We were in a private room on the balcony on the second floor of the venue.

Maybe it’s a private room reserved for royalty.

“Allen, Elena, looking from there is fine, but do not jump off.”

“”I know~””

“Aren’t you supposed to say ‘don’t fall off’ here?”

“Things are a bit different with my kids.”

I’m not worried about them falling off. But instead, we need to worry more about the people below, who are likely to be frightened.

“I can still participate in the auction from this seat, yes?”

“Of course.”

There are several private rooms on the second floor on either side of the hall, and we were in the room closest to the stage on the left side of the hall.

There was a stage below where the host would be showing off the items, and many chairs lined up in front of it. I guess that is where most of the participants would be sitting for the auction.

“They are not here now, but there will be a full-time staff member assigned to our private room to act as our agent.”

“Heh~ is that so?”

It’s that, right? The one who signs with their hands how much to raise… or something like that?

I guess there are specialists who do that for you in the private rooms~

“If you’re going to participate in bidding for the magic ring, you can either give instructions to the agent while keeping an eye on the situation, or you can tell them in advance what the limit is and leave it to them.”

“… I see.”

I have no idea how much the magic ring would be, but I just recently checked my own deposit, so if it’s an amount somewhere around that… well, I can spend as much as I want, I guess?

I guess I should watch the atmosphere and decide whether to give up or keep trying?

“Oh, the morning session is about to start.”

“There’s not so many people present.”

There were a quite a lot of people at the entrance of the venue, but the seats in the hall were not filled to capacity.

“The morning session is… well, it’s like this every year.”

The morning session, where not so many rare items are sold, seems to be like this.

Well, people come to auctions for rare and wonderful things, right?

“Oh, we did come here at the beginning, but you can leave anytime during the auction if you get bored.”

“Alright.”

We took our seats and focused our attention on the stage as the host appeared on stage.




Chapter 412

The morning session began leisurely, with us first enjoying the atmosphere of the auction.

“Congratulations, bidder number twenty-two!”

The winning bidder for a chair and table set was decided.

I was told that the items to be auctioned in the morning session were general items, which I interpreted to mean that they were things that I could buy in a store if I looked for them, but it seemed that many of them were one-of-a-kind handmade items.

Some items were sold at the starting price, some were competed for, and the price went up, and some were not sold because no one participated in the bidding.

“Hmm… there are some items that no one bids on, huh~”

“It was a bit of a vulgar-looking decoration. If the starting price had been set a little lower, there might have been some people who would have bid on it… but at that price?”

“… I see.”

The starting price is normally set by the seller.

Although it is acceptable to sell an item worth about 1,000 coins at a starting price of 100,000 coins, it will not sell because no one will participate in the auction, since those who participate in auctions are somewhat discerning. Conversely, an item worth 1,000 coins may be offered at a starting price of 100 coins. However, if the item is outbid, there is no problem, but if it is sold at the starting price, you will lose a lot of money.

“Selling things at the starting price must be tough~”

“You don’t have to worry. I’m pretty sure any of your listings will go up in bid in no time, even if you set a lower starting price.”

“Hahaha~”

That being said, the starting prices for the items we put on display were set by Al-sama and the other royal family members, so I’m sure they’re fair prices.

“”Hey, hey.””

“What’s wrong?”

“”What does this mean?””

(We got a thousand G’s!)

“Ah!”

“”Nnyiu?””

Allen and Elena were interested in the hand signs and tried to imitate them.

The children, who were watching with their chins on the railing, must have looked like participants. The two’s hand signs were called out.

(Anyone else? Then the bid is settled at 1,000 gold!)

“Ah~…”

Allen and Elena made a successful bid.

“”Ehehe~””

Seeing my reaction, Allen and Elena must have realized what they had done and giggled.

“A oneperson sofa? Well, you are lucky it’s something you can make a use of, Takumi.”

“Yeah. As long as it’s not bought at an outrageous price, it does not matter.”

Since it’s an item from a morning session, it wasn’t a hard blow to our expenses.

“Allen, Elena, that hand gesture you made just now was a signal to the auctioneer, and you were basically telling him how much you were willing to pay for the item. So please don’t imitate the hand gestures anymore.”

“”Got it~””

“Ah, but when you want something, you have to tell me first, before doing hand gestures on your own!”

“That time.”

“Is okay, then?”

“There are various hand gestures, so ask which one is the correct one to use first.”

“”Okay~””

Now, they would never make the same mistake again.

“”Oniichan, that!””

“N?”

“”Want!””

“Isn’t that too soon!?”

“……”

I felt relieved, but Allen and Elena immediately found something they wanted.

When I shouted in surprise, Al-sama was holding his stomach, as if trying to hold back his laughter.

“”But~ we want~””

“Ah~… so it’s that~”

What the children wanted was a giant, stuffed bear.

It must be quite large, since its height was the same as the auctioneer’s.

“So they auction stuff like that, too~”

“This is a specialty that comes out every year.”

“Wow~ is that so~”

“”Can we?””

“I don’t know what fabric it’s made out of, so it’s not necessarily going to feel good to the touch. If you’re okay with that, it’s fine with me… but you don’t want to leave it to the brother agent, you want to bid yourselves?”

“”Yeah!””

They want to do the hand gestures themselves.

“Err… I apologize, but would you mind if I asked you to teach the kids how to do it properly?”

“Yes, I’m at your service.”

--- ---

I asked the agent, who was quietly waiting at the side, to teach the children the hand gestures.

“Dear guest, if you excuse me asking, what is your budget?”

“Ah, right. Uh, as much as it takes?”

“Eh, o, okay, understood.”

So, the children participated in the auction with the help of the agent, and won the auction with flying colors.

“”We won!!””

“Is it just me, or does it sound like they meant ‘won’ in a game, instead of ‘bought’ in buying and selling?”

“You are good, Al-sama. It sounded that way to me, too.”

This time, the price went up a few times because there was someone else to compete with, but the kids seemed to be having a great time competing.

“I was wondering, when do we receive the items and pay for successful bids? Is it after everything is finished?”

“Some people will leave after they get what they came for, so you can go to the back of the hall and they will take care of it. But those in the private rooms don’t have to go about it that way, the staff will bring it here themselves to take care of it.”

“… Ahh.”

This is a VIP room of some kind. I guess we are being treated differently to begin with.

“”Al-sama, here!””

“N? Nn!?”

Allen and Elena suddenly held out their hands to him, and Al-sama quickly held out his palm instinctively. Then, money was placed in Al-sama’s hand.

Al-sama exclaimed in surprise as he was handed the money.

“Oh, is this the money for what you bid for?”

“”Yeah.””

The two kids gave Al-sama the money for the stuffed bear and the sofa they had just bid on from their bags.

“Oniichan will pay for it, okay?”

“”Will pay ourselves!””

It seems that they are willing to pay for the items they bid for by themselves.

“”That’s why!””

“Can we.”

“Buy more?”

They seemed to enjoy participating in the auction and wanted to do more.

“Hahaha~ Well, it’s fine with me, but… only what you really want, okay? Don’t participate in every single one.”

“”Got it!””

I’ll just warn them about that, because I really don’t want them to join in on all the items just for the fun of it.

Then the children cheerfully replied and once again focused their attention on the stage.

“Is that really okay, Takumi? They seem to be more and more excited to bid, you know?”

“Well, nothing seems to be that expensive at this time of the day, so I think we should be fine.”

Frankly, when it comes to morning session, the kids could probably take out enough money to buy everything.

“… Will those twins be satisfied with just the morning session?”

“……”

I could not refute Al-sama’s prophetic muttering.

“What about that one~?”

“Ohh~ looks good~”

“That one is good also~”

“Yeah, yeah.”

Allen and Elena consulted with each other, and each selected a piece of furniture. In addition, Allen bid on a sword belt, and Elena bid on a hair ornament and… four other items, for a total of six items in the end, and the morning session came to an end.




Chapter 413


After a lunch break, the afternoon session began. I’m guessing the number of participants doubled?

“”That!””

Allen and Elena were quiet in their chairs for the first few items, but as soon as the lace-knitted stole appeared, they rose from their seats.

“That’s a beautiful stole. You want it?”

“”For Obaasama!””

“Oh, I see.”

It looks like they want to give it to Rebecca-san as a gift.

There are also handmade one-of-a-kind items on display in the afternoon session, but many of them look more elaborate and intricate than the ones in the morning session, and they were surely made for the nobility.

“Why not? I hope you win.”

“”Will do our best!””

I had no reason to object, so I decided to let the kids do as they please.

“There seem to be another two bidders beside the children.”

“Indeed.”

“It’s going to cost them quite a bit of money, are you not stopping them?”

“Well, it’s such an elaborately knitted item, so I’m fine with it.”

If I were to put up an order to get a similar item, it would take a considerable amount of time, even years.

“”Yay~!””

It seems that Allen and Elena successfully bid on the item.

The price… well, it’s a reasonable amount. The only thing is, if the kids put in a serious effort, they can make it back by doing a few harvesting requests. When I think about it like that, it doesn’t seem that expensive… but is my sense of money failing because my thinking is as such?

“”Wah! Not good!””

The children, who should have been happy, suddenly turned serious as if they had realized something.

“Eh, what’s up with you all of a sudden?”

“We don’t have!”

“Enough money!”

“… Ahh.”

When I hurriedly asked them what was going on, the kids looked desperate as they pulled the leather bags they use as wallets out of their pouches.

… Apparently, they realized that they did not have enough cash on hand.

They have no less than a large silver coin on them at any given time, but no more than one gold coin. I don’t let them carry more coins than that. Naturally, they wouldn’t have enough to pay for the stole.

But, well, for their age, I would rather they don’t carry that much.

“… Oniichan has enough, so don’t worry about it. Rather, I think you can pay with your Guild cards as well.—Uhh, you can, right?”

“Hahaha~ You can, you can. Don’t worry.”

“That is good.”

“”Good~~~””

I was aware that it was possible to use cards for high value transactions, instead of cash. But well, I’ve never paid with a card before.

So, I checked with Al-sama and it seems to be okay. If he had said no to this, I would have had to rush to the Guild to get the money for the magic ring.

“”Here, the Guild cards.””

“Ah, yes, we will pay for everything at once later.”

“”Is that so?””

“That is so.”

Immediately, the children presented me their Guild cards, and I urged them to put them away in their pouches.

“By the way, Takumi, I don’t know if this is a good time to ask this, but… how much money do you let your kids have?”

“Cash?”

“No, the deposit.”

“Oh~… I don’t remember accurately, but I think it’s quite a bit?”

“… Ah, yeah, I figured you would say that.”

“No, I mean, the children often find rare herbs and stuff like that. When I sell those, of course I would deposit it on their accounts, no?”

I think that the money made from the Crystal Elk antlers should also be the children’s. But it was transferred to my account instead.

“If I was careless, the children’s rewards would be getting deposited to my account instead.”

“… Really?”

“It’s true. Why would I lie about this? Well, the children don’t know the numbers on their accounts either.”

The kids have no idea how much money they’re making.

I mean, I can’t even try to give them an exact figure because I don’t sell all the materials they collect or get from defeating monsters.

“”Wah! Oniichan, look!””

“N? Next is… a stick? Ah, a magic tool?”

“”Right! For Ojiisama!””

“I guess that would be good. Well, good luck getting it!”

“”Oh~!””

This time they have found a present for Matthias-san, so the children joined in the bidding, showing their motivation.

“Is that… going to be helpful?”

“For self-defense, I guess? If he was attacked… I don’t think this would help him to repel his assailants, but it would allow him to make them stunned momentarily, allowing him to make his next move.”

--- ---

It seems to be a magic tool that generates a flash of light when the tip of the stick is slammed into the ground with force.

“”Yay~!””

The children bid on it rather easily, perhaps because it was quite a strange magic tool.

Well, the walking stick itself was of a very nice design, so it would find a use even without consideration for its abilities.

“”Ah! That too, that too!””

“What’s next… for Velio-san?”

“”Correct!””

It seems that they intend to find something for the entire Ruven family.

For Velio-san, it was a magic tool that looked like a pocket watch. They also bid on ornaments for Almeria-san and Rosalie-san… one after the other.

“”… Muu.””

“I’m not sure if you will find anything that suits his tastes~”

The bidding was going well up to that point, but they couldn’t find anything for Wald-san.

“By the way, have you already decided on what kind of item… would be good for him?”

“”Umm… a sword?””

“A weapon, huh~”

Wald-san’s weapon of choice is a sword. A flaming magic sword at that. I’m guessing here, but I think his has to be a good one. Finding something better, or even equal… would be quite difficult.

“I don’t think you will find anything better than his current sword at the action~ I think getting lucky in a dungeon would be more like… hm?”

“”Nniyu?””

“… I just remembered, but didn’t we get a sword in the Dungeon of Ripples?”

“”Ah!””

I remembered that when we had conquered “Dungeon of Ripples”, we obtained a magic sword with fire magic from a treasure chest in the boss room. A sword is a sword, but I think that sword belongs to the category of great swords.

“Alright, since we came to this point, let’s impose that sword onto Wald-san!”

“”Impose it!””

Since it’s been stored in my Infinite Storage for a while now, there is no problem with giving it away. So I think I’ll have it be Walt-san’s sub weapon.

“… Oi, oi.”

Hearing the conversation between me and the kids, Al-sama had a dumbfounded look on his face.

“Takumi, you said you will impose the sword onto him… your wording is bad.”

“Ah, excuse me. But, I don’t think he will accept it under normal circumstances, so we will have to impose it onto him.”

I have a feeling that he will probably(?), most likely(?) not accept it under normal circumstances.

“That means it’s something good, no? You said you obtained it in a dungeon, but at what floor is it from?”

“It’s from the last level of an intermediate dungeon.”

“Hahh!? Isn’t that a pretty good thing then, Takumi!?”

“That might be the case, but it’s not like I can use it myself anyway?”

Al-sama raised his voice in surprise. But good or not, a great sword is something I won’t be able to wield.

“That being the case, we will use the confusion to get rid of it and hand it to him.—Allen, Elena, are you good with that?”

“”Yeah! Will impose it onto him!””

… It seems that they were pleased with the word “Impose”. Let’s be careful about my wording next time.

“So that means, all that’s left is Lucario-kun?”

“”Yeah!””

“N? What about the stuffed toy from the morning session?”

“”Ah! That one is good too!””

They bid on the huge stuffed animal with great vigor, but it looks like it would be a good present for Lucario-kun.

“Well, look for something else first, and if you don’t find anything, go with the stuffed animal. How about that?”

“”Let’s do that~””

Allen and Elena weren’t like “That stuffed animal is ours!”, so we have now secured enough presents for the entire Ruven family.




Chapter 414

After finishing dinner during the break, we waited for the night session to start.

The venue was packed, so I guess that the night session is the main part of the event.

“”Can’t wait for it to start~””

Allen and Elena were already enjoying themselves, holding on to the railing and looking downstairs.

“Ladies and gentlemen, we have kept you waiting! The night session will now begin.”

“”Starting!””

When the starting signal was given, Allen and Elena were bobbing around happily.

“The first item to commemorate the occasion is here! One Heavenly Drop!”

“Ah! It’s Allen’s!”

“Maybe it’s Elena’s?”

The first Heavenly Drop appeared on the stage.

Allen and Elena pointed at it excitedly.

“I see they are starting with this~”

“The first impression is important, after all. They want to fire up the crowd, so the bidding doesn’t start out dull.”

If the place doesn’t get lively and the prices don’t rise, it’s a problem for the organizer. I guess they decide the order of the auction with that in mind.

“”So much!””

“Indeed. There are a lot of participants~ And the price keeps going up~”

We were leisurely watching the show since this was one of our items, but the prices were going up more and more than I expected.

“”It’s sold!””

“Uwah~ We got back what Allen and Elena bid until now.”

“”Amazing~””

The winning bidder was decided. However, even though it’s said Heavenly Drops bring luck… it’s not even certain if it’s true or not, yet they are willing to pay such a large sum for it~

Allen and Elena were in a happy-go-lucky mood because they got a lot of money back, even after the commission fee will be deducted.

“Good news for those of you who didn’t get your hands on the Heavenly Drop! You won’t believe this! We have another piece for you today!”

Hearing the words of the host, the audience got excited.

“Whoa~ they got so excited~”

“”Everyone wants it?””

“I guess so.”

“”What about Al-sama?””

“N? Me? Even if it’s at least once, I would like to try it.”

Allen and Elena confirmed whether Al-sama waned a Heavenly Drop and rummaged through their bags.

“”Here! Will give you.””

They then both took out jars containing Heavenly Drops from their bags, each plucked one in with their fingers, and held it out to Al-sama.

“Hah!? Nonono! Takumi!”

Al-sama looked stunned for a moment, but then, in a great panic, he called me for help.

“Allen, Elena, are you both giving one to Al-sama?”

“”Ah!””

“No, Takumi, that’s not it! That’s not what I meant!”

I deliberately helped Al-sama in a way he did not have in mind.

“Umm, this is for Al-sama!”

“Then, this one… for Naja Nii!”

“Eh!?”

At first, the two children were holding out their gifts to Al-sama, but while Allen stayed with Al-sama, Elena changed to Najack-san, who was standing guard behind Al-sama.

Najack-san, who was suddenly involved, looked stunned with surprise. The master and servant both reacted in a similar manner.

“”Here!””

“… Ta, Takumi.”

“… Takumi-san?”

Al-sama and Najack-san were horrified.

--- ---

“They want you to eat it.”

“Nonono! We can’t just accept it, can we!?”

“”Why?””

“You saw them being auctioned off just now, didn’t you!? This is a very expensive item!”

“That’s right! Even now, the price is still rising!”

“”Don’t really mind~?””

Al-sama and Najack-san explained in detail, but it seemed that the amount of money was irrelevant to the children. They tilted their heads as if to say, “What about it?”

“”You see, you see.””

“We still.”

“Have lots!”

“”Look!””

Allen and Elena held up the jars containing the Heavenly Drops as if to show it, and lightly shook them to make a sound.

They didn’t expect it to still be so full, and not only Al-sama and Najack-san, but also the other guards, attendants, and the agent gulped in surprise.

When the children took a piece out of the jars earlier, they didn’t even look at the contents of the jars, did they?

“Eh, didn’t they just take that out of their own bags?”

“N? They did.”

“They did, you say… what!? That’s the same as letting them have a lot of money, you know!?”

“N? Ah~… I usually tell them not to serve it to others in public and to eat it secretly, so no one knows they have it.”

“That’s not the way to go about it!?”

Even though it’s fine for us, it seems to be a serious matter for Al-sama and the others.

Even if I were to retrieve the Heavenly Drops… Allen and Elena’s bags still contain mithril knives, pearls, and other baggage not befitting children~

“What to do Allen, Elena? They say children shouldn’t hold onto things like these.”

“”Can’t?””

“That’s what they say.”

“”Then, we eat it?””

“”Ehh!?””

I guess they were expecting an answer that they would leave it with me. The children’s conclusion, however, was that they should eat them, to the surprise of Al-sama and Najack-san.

“Oh, it looks like the second Heavenly Drop has been sold.”

“”It’s over?””

In the meantime, the bidding for the second Heavenly Drop had ended.

“Well, let’s decide what to do with the remaining drops later. More importantly, the next item is coming up.”

I would regret it if I inadvertently missed the magic ring.

“”Yeah~””

“Here, Al-sama.”

“Here, Naja Nii.”

Allen and Elena forced Al-sama and Najack-san to hold it in their hands and returned to the railing to concentrate on the auction.

“Uwah, I was caught off of guard—Allen, Elena, let me return it.”

“”Nope~””

“Really, please.”

“”No way~””

Allen and Elena were in an attitude of complete refusal, refusing to look at Al-sama.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan! That!””

“Eh? A barrier stone… a complete isolation one, huh. Yeah, that looks useful.”

The normal effectiveness of a barrier stone is to block the intrusion of monsters. The one being auctioned off, however, seems to block not only monsters, but people as well.

“”Can we?””

“Yeah, go get it.”

Even our friends will not be able to get in or out, but I still want to get our hands on it.

The children were happy to participate in the auction when I asked them to bid for it.

“Takumi, are you sure you’re okay with reducing your funds before the thing you are waiting for comes up? Rather, please take this back already.”

“Please give up and put it into your mouth already. Also, about my funds… well, please lend me more if I don’t have enough. I will pay you back in a few days.”

Al-sama made fun of me lightly while holding the Heavenly Drop, so I returned a light joke to him.

“Ah, that or could I jump in and put something else up for auction? I will take out something good I put on the side!”

“Something you put on the side… I have no idea what you might mean, but it’s quite scary, so don’t.”

“Is that so? I could do pearls twice the size of the pearls being auctioned off today or Pegasus feathers at best, though.”

“… Why did you say it!? I didn’t want to hear it!”

“Rather than that, it must be bothering you to hold that in your hand all this time, no? Please eat it already.”

Al-sama tried to cover his ears, but the Heavenly Drop he was holding was in the way.

It’s about time he gave up and ate it!

“”Yay!””

“Oh, thank you, Allen, Elena.”

While I was talking to Al-sama, Allen and Elena won the bid for the barrier stone.

It seems that they got it at a price close to the starting price, as if it was irrelevant to the nobles.

———-

Double release for 15$ Patrons today! 

Please vote on this poll regarding Feat and Bolt’s names: https://strawpoll.com/NMnQ5OaMMn6




Chapter 415

“Next up is this item.”

The host held up a small bottle.

“This is a fragment of a Crystal Elk’s horn, which is rarely obtainable!”

(Ohhh~~~!)

As the identity of the item was revealed, cheers arose from the participants.

“Eh!? Huh!? If it’s in that bottle, it’s about the size of a bean!?”

“You see, Takumi, Crystal Elk antlers are very rare. They’re incredibly expensive items. There’s no way they could put the whole thing for auction!”

I had heard that it will be sold in smaller sizes, but I didn’t think it would be that small. I was expecting the size of a fist, so I was surprised, and Al-sama scolded me lightly.

“This is enough to make one potion for physical defects. Of course, its authenticity is guaranteed by the Royal castle’s appraiser!”

I see, it’s enough for one potion. In that case, even that fragment the size of a bean is acceptable. And as soon as the bidding started, the price went up at an astonishing rate.

“This is incredible~ There are so many people who want that potion~”

“Some of them are merchants participating for the purpose of reselling.”

“… Reselling?”

“Unfortunately, there are those who sell to those who want Crystal Elk antlers but aren’t here at a higher price. Well, it’s not limited to just reselling. They might present it as an item to a trading partner they want to accommodate, or as a gift for face-saving… There are various possibilities.”

“Uwah~ There’s a lot going on~”

So it’s not just people who purely need and want Crystal Elk.

“There’s… ten people remaining! An unprecedented event among unprecedented events! We have ten fragments of a Crystal Elk’s antlers. The right to winning the bid will be given to all ten remaining participants!”

“Eh!? Al-sama!?”

“Didn’t I tell you?”

It seems that from the beginning, ten pieces of the Crystal Elk antlers had been prepared. If there are ten fragments, it’s still a small amount, so there’s no mistake in what Al-sama said. Even if you add up all the fragments, it doesn’t even reach the size of a fist! By the way, the items put up for auction were not taken by the country, but were put up from my remaining stock, so the winning bids will go to me.

“Why don’t we just pretend it was put up by the country?”

“Then it would mean that the country resold it!”

“I don’t mind!”

“It’s a problem for the country, so it’s rejected!”

“Ehh~”

I think it’s okay to do it a little bit… he’s stubborn~

“Next up is a storage magic tool, the Magic Ring.”

“Oh, the Magic Ring!”

My main goal, the Magic Ring, has appeared. Unfortunately, the time inside the ring is only slightly slower, but it seems that something as big as this venue can fit inside.

“”Oniichan, the one you want?””

“That’s right. Alright, Allen, Elena, do your best on behalf of Oniichan!”

“”Got it!””

The children happily participate in the auction. Perhaps because there was almost no time reduction, the number of people participating in the auction did not seem to be that many.

“… Is it just my imagination? At this rate, I feel like we could make it with the revenue from the Crystal Elk antlers…”

“Hahaha~ That’s true. Isn’t that great!”

Considering the pace at which the price was rising, I have a feeling that we might be able to get it at a lower price than I thought. I was planning to spend quite a bit of money, so I feel like I’ve been let down.

“By the way, Takumi…—”

“What is it… why don’t you just eat it already?”

Al-sama has been trying to pass me the Heavenly Drop since earlier, so I returned it with an exasperated expression.

“Okay, okay, here you go.”

So, I grabbed Al-sama’s hand… and forced him to bring it to his mouth.

--- ---

“… Nguh.”

“Do you also need assistance, Najack-san?”

“N, no, that… can I keep this is a gift?”

“Yes, that’s fine.”

After seeing the exchange between Al-sama and me, Najack-san carefully wrapped the Heavenly Drop in a handkerchief and put it in his pocket with a slightly strained expression. Maybe he’ll calm down and think about what to do with it when he gets home?

“Ta, Takumi!? I, I, I ate it…”

“It’s just a candy.”

“No, but!”

“Don’t mind it. Don’t mind it.”

Al-sama was flustered, but I half-ignored him.

“Oniichan!”

“Won it!”

In the meantime, Allen and Elena finished bidding for the magic ring.

“Ah, really!? Thank you!”

“”You are welcome!””

I didn’t see how much it ended up going for in the end, but since we were able to win the auction, let’s call it good.

““Wow! That’s amazing!””

“N? Heh~ there’s something like that too~”

““That’s right!””

The next item up for auction was also a magic tool, something like a treasure chest. However, it seems that it could only be opened by the person who closed it. Since everyone’s magic power is different, like fingerprints or DNA, it probably determines it that way. What I’m curious about is how the magic power of twins works. They say that the DNA of twins is exactly the same.

“”Mm, do we buy? Can we buy?””

“Haha. Well, it does look kind of useful, sure, go ahead.”

“”Yay~””

If we win it at auction, let’s try it out a little. Actually, the kids are really enjoying the auction.

“They keep winning one after another in the night session~”

“Well, if we don’t get it now, we don’t know when we’ll have another chance to see it.”

The items put up for auction in the night session were all really rare. Since they’re all things that we can’t easily buy even if we want to, it’s better not to miss on them.

“Allen, Elena, can you win?”

“Is fine!”

“Can win!”

I’m wondering whether I should teach them to “give up if the price goes up too much,” but unfortunately I can’t judge how much is “too much.” Well, as long as I keep an eye on them and make sure we don’t go bankrupt, I guess that’s okay?

“”Here it comes!””

“Oh, you won.”

“”We got it!””

It seems that they were able to successfully win the auction.

“”What’s next~?””

“Next is… looks like it’s the dye I put up.”

““What~””

Since the next item was something I put up, their excitement was halved.

“The drop in their excitement was intense~”

Al-sama chuckled as he watched the children move away from the railing and sit down in their chairs.

“Well, isn’t it just right to have some time to calm down? We can’t keep them excited all the time.”

Even children with a lot of energy would get tired if they were constantly excited. It’s definitely better to enjoy events like this in moderation.

“Allen, Elena, are you hungry?”

““A little?””

“Then let’s have a snack. What would you like?”

Since dinner was a little early, I will give the children a snack now.

“”Onigiri!””

“…Not something sweet? Well, that’s fine~ What we have now… is tuna mayo okay?”

“”Yea!””

“Takumi, me too!”

“Okay, okay, I got it.”

During the brief auction of the dye, we took a break.




Chapter 416

“The next item is a magic tool for far-sight. A person who looks about the size of a pinky finger with the naked eye can be seen clearly enough to see what kind of expression they are making when.”

“”Ohh!””

It seems to be a magic tool like a telescope or binoculars.

“It seems to have a pretty good performance.—Allen, Elena, shall we bid on it!”

“”Yea!””

I will let the kids bid on it because it might come in useful. For me, binoculars are not a rare thing, but unlike the previous world, here, even if you want such a tool, you can’t buy it easily.

“”Got it!””

The children who were completely used to the auction easily got their hands on it.

“”Ah, I know that! The one that sends letters!””

“That’s right.”

The next item seemed to be a simplified version of the teleportation magic tool.

“That’s right, Takumi! If you have enough funds, please bid on that and carry it around!”

“Hm?”

“If you have that magic tool, we can always get in touch!”

Seeing the teleportation magic tool, Al-sama made a proposal as if he had come up with a good idea. If we have that, we could exchange letters directly no matter where we are, huh.

“Umm… you see.”

“What is it?”

Which dungeon was it? I’m sure we got it from a treasure chest or something… and it should be unused in the Infinite Storage… it is unused, right? I didn’t sell it… did I?

“…I’m sorry. We have it.”

“Hahh!? You have it!?”

When I honestly told Al-sama that we already had the teleportation magic tool, he raised his voice in surprise.

“Since when did you have it!?”

“Um… when was it? I remember getting it in a dungeon, but I don’t remember which one at all…”

““Umm… Bailey?””

“Was it Bailey? Then it’s the Dungeon of Ripples.”

The children’s memories seem to be vague as well, but they seem to remember more than me.

“Let me know the number later. In fact, notify all of your guardians!”

Guardians? Well, since they are looking after me, it’s not an exaggeration to say that they are guardians, right? Then it would be the Ruven and Risner families.

“I don’t mind telling you, but… can the teleportation magic tool be reached even if it’s stored in the Infinite Storage or a magic bag?”

“Im pretty sure that should be fine. You can hear a sound when something is coming your way.”

“A sound?”

Maybe… when something arrives from the Gods like Syl, it resonates in my mind—Piron♪. Is that not perhaps not related to Syl and others, but to the teleportation magic tool instead?

“I’ll test it before we leave the Capital again.”

“That’s good. I’ll take care of the sending side. Come to the castle at a later date.”

“Understood.”

He probably means he’ll try sending a letter from the teleportation magic tool at the castle. I’ll gratefully participate in the experiment.

“And now, for the last item!”

After that, we spent the time watching the bidding of items we had put up for auction or items I didn’t particularly want, but it seems that we have finally reached the last item.

“The last one is the Blue Rose Drops.”

“There are many who want that.”

When the auction began, many people participated.

“”Wow, so many people~””

“Well, this is what I expected.”

“Is that so? Well, I knew there were people who wanted it, but I didn’t think it would be this many.”

--- ---

I mean, it’s the last resort for people who can’t have children even if they wanted them. Well, not everyone participating in the auction is at the final stage. There are probably also merchants participating for resale purposes or as souvenirs for face-to-face connections.

“Oh, the first winner has been decided.”

“That was intense.”

The difference in expression between those who won the bid and those who didn’t was intense.

“Oh, the excitement returned with great force~”

But when the second Blue Rose Drops appeared, the venue was in a great uproar again.

“Instead of deciding all three at once like with the Crystal Elk’s antlers, they keep them going one after another like with the Heavenly Drops.”

“Well, it’s the last item.”

The auction for the second Blue Rose Drops was also intense, and when the third medicine appeared as if to push it further, cheers rose from the venue. But well, as expected, the host was emphasizing that this really was the last one, so as not to raise expectations among the participants that there might still be more to come.

“”It’s over~””

“Haha, was it that much fun?”

“”Yeah! It was fun!””

When the host gave the closing remarks, the children looked disappointed.

“Allen, Elena, do you want to come again?”

“”Is it okay? We want to!””

“Yes, of course, it’s fine.”

They seem to have really enjoyed the auction.

“This scale of auction is held twice a year. At the beginning of the year and at the end of summer. If you’re in the Capital at that time, let’s come together again.”

“”It’s a promise!””

“Yes, it’s a promise.”

They firmly made their next promise with Al-sama. Well, that’s fine. It was fun for me to watch, and it’s nice to find a bargain.”

“Well then, Takumi, thank you for joining me today. Mm~ just having you guys here with me made it fun from start to finish, not boring at all.”

“Hahaha~ I’m glad we could help with your boredom.”

Just watching the auction without actively participating must be very boring. It’s fantastic that Al-sama had fun.

“Well, I had fun too, and I got what I wanted. Thank you again.”

“Yes, let’s put the teleportation magic tool to practical use to convey that plan! Can you come to the castle tomorrow afternoon?”

“Tomorrow!? Isn’t that too soon?”

“You’re leaving the Capital soon, aren’t you? Then it’s definitely better to get it done sooner! If something unexpected happens and you guys suddenly leave the Capital, I’ll regret it!”

“……”

I feel like Al-sama just set a flag for me… but that’s just my imagination, right?

“I don’t have any plans for a sudden departure…”

Speaking of which, we had talked about going to the advanced dungeon after the auction was over, but we hadn’t specifically decided when to leave. I need to discuss it with the children.

“Well, I didn’t have any plans for tomorrow, so if it’s okay with you, we will come.”

“Good. Then I’ll be waiting.”

“Understood.”

For now, let’s test drive the teleportation magic tool tomorrow, as Al-sama requested.

“Allen, Elena, let’s go pick up the items you won~”

“”Yay~””

Lastly, we went to pick up the items the kids won and settled the account… but as expected, we didn’t have to pay, but received the sales proceeds instead.

“…That’s strange~”

“”Strange?””

“I was trying to spend money, but it feels like we didn’t spend any at all.”

“”That’s strange~””

“Isn’t it~?”

I was planning to use my savings, but instead of decreasing, they increased.

“”Oniichan!””

“Next time!”

“Let’s buy more!”

“Yeah. Next time we participate in an auction, we should buy what we want.”

So the goal for the next auction was to spend money, but later on I realized that I shouldn’t have to put anything up for auction for that in the first place.




Chapter 417

The day after the auction, we were looking at our spoils again.

(Oniichan, is this a magic ring?)

“Yeah, it is! We got it from the auction yesterday.”

(Eh!?)

Joule had spotted the magic ring with his keen eyes, so I explained how we got it with delight, and Vector let out a surprised voice.

(Niichan! Then, are we not going to a dungeon anymore!?)

“”Eh!? Is that so!?””

Apparently, they thought we were going to an advanced-level dungeon to get a magic ring, so they assumed we wouldn’t go anymore since we got one. Moreover, Allen and Elena took Vector’s words seriously.

“No, no, we’re going.”

““I know, right~ Scared us silly~””

“I promised you, didn’t I? Besides, it would be convenient to have more magic rings, so let’s keep looking for them~”

Let’s set a high goal for the number of magic rings, so everyone can have one.

(Geez~ don’t scare us like that, Niichan~)

(Vector, you just misunderstood and jumped to conclusions!)

(Ow. Mile, that hurts~)

(You deserve it!)

Mile climbed on Vector’s head and slapped his forehead. He was getting some educational guidance.

(Oniichan, who’s going to wear this magic ring, then?)

“Well, I was thinking Feat or Bolt… what do you think?”

(Yeah, I agree. I think either Feat or Bolt would be fine!)

I think it would be best to have Feat, who is reliable and like an older sister to everyone, or Bolt, who is also reliable and has excellent mobility, wear the magic ring.

(What!? Not me!?)

“… Vector, huh.”

Vector is the one who acts the most freely and has trouble carrying the monsters he defeats and such. But for some reason, I feel like I shouldn’t give him the magic ring.

(It’s obvious that we can’t give you the magic ring, Vector! You are already reckless enough, so you will become even more reckless!)

“……”

I agree with Mile.

(I think Bolt would be the better choice.)

(Me?)

Feat suggested Bolt.

(Because, Bolt is faster at flying than me. Things like communication, or transportation… don’t you think he will need it more for things like that?)

“Ah, wait a minute! If that’s the case, I feel like I’ll casually ask Bolt to do more transportation jobs. That’s not good.”

(Aniue, I’ll gladly accept that! Please tell me to do more.)

“Are you really sure you don’t mind?”

(Yes!)

“I see. Then, Bolt will wear the magic ring.”

(Thank you very much.)

The wearer of the magic ring was decided to be Bolt. It’s convenient to make use of his freedom of action. But, I have to be careful not to overwork him just because he’s convenient.

“Next… shall we go and distribute the souvenirs?”

““Yeah! Let’s go!””

Next, we decided to distribute the souvenirs we got from the auction to the Ruven family. Everyone was happy, but Wald-san was not present today because of work, so we couldn’t give him anything. We’ll give it to him later, but since we had the chance, we got permission from Rosalie-san and secretly hid a sword in his room. We asked her to check his reaction when he found it and tell us how it was. I wondered if she would refuse… but she agreed with a chuckle. She’s surprisingly easygoing. After we finished distributing the souvenirs, we headed to the castle to meet Al-sama as promised.

“Takumi, you came. Come this way.”

“Yes… huh!?”

We were greeted by a cheerful Al-sama who guided us to a reception room where Tristan-sama and Grace-sama were waiting.

“Takumi, you have a teleportation device, don’t you? Why didn’t you tell us!”

“Why… because I forgot we had it?”

“……”

As soon as we sat down, Tristan-sama questioned me about the teleportation magic tool. Well, I have a fixed answer for that, so I told him, and he froze with his mouth open. Was it that unexpected?

“Fufu, that’s so like you, Takumi-san~

“When Takumi said he had it, he had a ‘now that you mention it’ face.”

“My, oh my.”

--- ---

Grace-sama laughed amusingly.

“Umm, where do I find the recognition code?”

I took out the teleportation device from my Infinite Storage and looked for the recognition code. I should have checked it yesterday or this morning… but I forgot.

“Takumi, first you need to register as the owner. Touch the crystal on top and let your magic flow into it.”

“Oh, okay.”

I followed Al-sama’s explanation and registered as the owner.

“Since you got this one from a dungeon, it is definitely the initial version, so the first one who registers their magic power becomes the owner. But once you decide on an owner… in this case, this magic tool won’t let anyone change the owner unless you give a permission.”

“I see.”

That means you can’t use it, even if you forcibly take it from the owner.

“Next is the user registration. The owner can use it of course, but if you want to give permission to others, you need to register their magic power as well. Only the owner can operate it, of course.”

“I see. So that means, only the owner has the authority to delete user registrations and such, right?”

“That’s right.”

“I see. Well then… Allen, Elena, shall we register you?”

““Yea!””

“Oh, can you register multiple people?”

“Yeah, there’s no limit.”

I usually keep it in my Infinite Storage, so they won’t be able to use it without me anyway, but I’ll register them just in case.

“By the way… what happens if the owner dies?”

“Others can still use it as long as they are registered as users, but they won’t be able to register anyone else. But well, you can also register multiple owners, so do that to avoid making it unusable.”

“Oh, then let’s make Allen and Elena owners instead of users.”

When I touch the magic tool, I somehow get a sense of how to use it in my mind, so I had Allen and Elena let their magic flow and register them.

“When you’re done registering, check the recognition code. It’ll come to you if you think about it.”

“Okay…—ah!”

When I thought about the recognition code, a string of letters and numbers popped up in my mind. It wasn’t written on the outside of the device.

“You got it. Tell me the code.”

I said the recognition code as I saw it. Then I noticed that Al-sama had prepared another teleportation device and was touching it. Was he doing some registration work?

“This is our recognition code, so please register it, Takumi.”

“Register… how?”

“If you recite the sequence I said in your mind, it will be registered.”

This magic tool has been assembled with quite the advanced technology. I remember hearing that it wasn’t made by human hands, but that makes sense.

“Oh, it looks like it’s done.”

“I see. For now, the minimal operation is complete.”

“It’s surprisingly easy to use.”

It really ended easily. It’s a really high-performance magic tool that can be operated entirely by mental manipulation.

“It won’t work at all if someone other than the registrant touches it, so it’s not that simple.”

“Umm, can I touch your magic tool to see? Oh, it won’t break if someone who isn’t registered touches it, right?”

“That’s okay, there’s no problem.”

I tried touching an unregistered magic tool to see what would happen, but there was really no response, so it was just like an ornament.

“Oh, by the way. You only have registered one recognition code so far, so you know which one it is, but when the number of codes you have increases, you won’t know which one is which. You can also attach names to the recognition codes, so please register the code as belonging to this place.”

I don’t need to memorize the string of letters and numbers and distinguish them. That’s good.

“Oh~… by the way, is that magic tool a castle equipment?”

“This one is something that we, the Royal family members, use for our private use.”

“……”

It’s a magic tool for private use? Is it… okay to let me contact you like that?

For now, even if only registrants can operate it, I’ll make sure that the magic tool I have doesn’t connect to the Royal family of Guardia from our side.




Chapter 418

I named the recognition code “Guardia Royal Family”. Since no one else can check it without permission, it should be fine to use a straightforward name like that.

“Well, shall we try using it next?”

“Ah, yes, that’s right.”

Next, we decided to conduct an experiment using the teleportation magic tool.

It’s like this. We’re checking to see if I can tell if a letter or something has arrived, even if the magic tool is stored in my Infinite Storage.

“Shall we try using it normally first?”

“Allen wants to do it!”

“Elena will do it too~”

“Okay, okay, I’ll do it first and if it works, you guys can try it too.”

“”Yea!””

I’ll be the one to do the test run.

“The size of the object that can be sent is limited to something smaller than the main body of the teleportation magic tool, but there is no weight limit.”

“Where should I put the object to be sent?”

“In front of the main body.”

“In front?”

“Isn’t there a marking on the pillar? That’s the front.”

“Pillar? Oh, there it is.”

A small pattern was carved on the pillar that served as the base. I turned it so that it faced me and placed an empty bottle in front of it. Then, when I touched the magic tool, I was asked “Do you want to transfer this?” and when I agreed, I was asked to choose a destination. Well, there’s no choice for the destination, so I chose “Guardia Royal Family”. Finally, when I poured in magic power, the small bottle that was in front of the magic tool disappeared.

“”Oh~ It’s gone.””

“Look over here next.”

“”Oh~ The bottle came out!””

The small bottle that disappeared from in front of me appeared in front of Al-sama’s magic tool.

There isn’t much of a time lag.

“I’ll send it back as it is.”

“”Oh~ It came back!””

“So, that’s what it’s like.”

“”Wow~””

Allen and Elena also tried using the magic tool while giggling and frolicking.

“Next, let’s see~ Takumi, put something else in front of the magic tool.”

“Yes, understood.”

I took out another small bottle from Infinite Storage and placed it in front of the magic tool.

Then, when Al-sama tried to transfer the small bottle he had been using from the beginning, a sound rang in my head--beep, beep, beep♪.

“””N?”””

“Did you hear it?”

“Yes, I can hear the sound.”

“”Can hear it~”

It seems that not only me, but also Allen and Elena could hear it.

Or rather, the sound was not--Piron♪. Is that only for Syl’s family?

“That sound is heard only by those who have registered as owners, but not by those are registered as users. Move the bottle aside. The sound will disappear.”

As Al-sama said, when I moved the bottle aside, the sound stopped and the bottle arrived immediately.

“It seems that if the environment is not suitable for receiving something, that sound will ring. So, I think that if you store the teleportation magic tool in the Infinite Storage, that sound might ring… but since it’s rare to carry around a transfer magic tool, I haven’t heard of any examples. However, it’s working in the magic bag.”

Indeed, teleportation magic tools are usually installed somewhere and not carried around much.

“Al-sama, may I have you send it again?”

When I put the teleportation magic tool into my Infinite Storage, Al-sama immediately performed the transfer operation. Then, again--beep, beep, beep♪ rang out.

“”I heard it!””

When I took out the transfer magic tool from Infinite Storage and placed it on the table, the small bottle arrived immediately.

“It seems to have no problems working inside the Infinite Storage.”

“Yeah. It’s amazing.”

This way, there should be no problem using it even while carrying it around.

--- ---

“I think this is enough for trying it out.”

“Yes. It’s fine.”

Since there were no problems, it should be fine to end the test run.

“Next is this. This is the recognition code for the teleportation magic tool used by the royal family of Creta. Register it immediately and burn that note.”

“Eh?”

When the test run was over, Al-sama handed me a piece of paper.

“I contacted Cloud-dono and asked if it was okay to tell you.”

“Huh?”

“The reply was: ‘By all means’. I’ll let them know your magic tool recognition code from our side, is that okay?”

“Ah, yes, please… wait a minute. When did you contact him!?”

I can’t keep up with the sudden development.

“I contacted him yesterday and got a reply this morning.”

“Isn’t your preparation too good!?”

“It’s a natural preparation. I’ve been asked by Cloud-dono many times about this.”

I understand that the royal families communicate with each other, but I’m surprised at the content and even more surprised at the quick exchange.

“I’ll emphasize this, but… depending on the situation, I may not be able to respond quickly. Also, I’ll contact you if there’s something regular or something happens, but I can’t do it frequently.”

It may be a strong statement to make to a royal family member, but just because we can communicate easily now doesn’t mean we can increase the frequency. Sorry.

After all… even when traveling, there are times when I almost forget about regular things.

“Ah, I understand that. Just contact us as much as you can without overdoing it. We’ll try to keep it to regular things as much as possible from our side.”

It’s very easy to get along with because they don’t force us here.

“However, it’s important that we can contact you immediately.”

“That’s certainly true.”

Even if they know the town where we are and send a letter of contact there, we won’t be able to receive the letter immediately if we’re in a dungeon or something.

“”Hey~ let’s have a snack~?””

As we were talking about the need for emergency contact, the children’s carefree voices interrupted.

“Hmph. When I’m with you guys, serious conversations don’t last long~”

“”We can’t?””

“No, it’s not that you can’t. Snack time, was it? I’ll have tea prepared, but for sweets…--Takumi, I leave it to you!”

Although it was an important conversation, it was almost over, so we decided to have snack time as the children requested.

The children are not oblivious to the atmosphere. On the contrary, they act more perceptively than anyone else. Probably, even now, they waited for the conversation to end properly before calling out.

“Yes, yes. Um, what would you like?”

“Let’s see~ The new ones you brought at Allen and Elena’s birthday party…”

“Gateau chocolat?”

“No-bake cheese?”

“Ah, that’s what it was called. If you have that, I’d like to eat it again.”

“I can serve that.”

I have plenty of stock because I practiced for the party.

“Is that okay with Allen and Elena too?”

“”Yeah!””

Come to think of it, I haven’t made anything other than these two types even though I received a recipe book for sweets. Since it’s also a request from Marianora-sama, next time I’ll try making a different type of cheesecake.

“Al-sama, if it’s okay with you, I will leave one of each of these for you, so please share them with Grace-sama and the others later.”

“Oh, that would be appreciated. They were very fond of the souvenirs they received at the party. They’ll be delighted.”

For a while, we enjoyed tea with Al-sama and then went around the castle accompanied by Al-sama to say goodbye to our acquaintances before leaving on our journey and returned to the Ruven residence.




Chapter 419

When we returned to the Ruven residence from the castle, Wald-san was standing with his arms crossed at the entrance.

“Oh, all three of you are back.”

“”We’re back~””

“I’m back… What are you doing here, Wald-san?”

“Hm? It’s obvious that I was waiting for you guys.”

Looking at Wald-san, who had a very smiling expression, but his eyes were not laughing, I immediately realized that it was about the sword I had hidden in his room.

“Did you not like… the souvenir?”

“You see, Takumi. That’s not something you can easily pass off as a souvenir.”

Wald-san spoke in a calm voice, even though he was angry.

“That’s only for other people. Wald-san is our brother, so it’s no problem.”

“”No problem!””

Honestly, I didn’t think this logic would get through to Wald-san.

“There’s no way that’s true!”

“”Eh~~~””

As expected, it didn’t get through.

“But it would be a waste to sell it… and even if I were to use it myself, I would put it to good use… and I thought it would be suitable for you in terms of magic attributes. And besides, standing and talking here is not appropriate~ let’s go inside. Okay?”

For now, I walked around the seemingly angry Wald-san and pushed him on the back as I guided him to the parlor.

Allen and Elena also walked while pulling on Wald-san’s hand.

“Oh my!”

As we headed to the parlor, Rosalie-san looked surprised when she saw us enter the room.

“Fufufu.”

“Rosalie, don’t laugh.”

“Are you sulking, Wald-sama?”

“No way.”

“……”

… He wasn’t angry, but sulking?

“Should we have given it to you directly instead of hiding it?”

“……”

Silence means affirmation. I see, he wanted me to give it to him directly.

I’ll apologize honestly here.

“I’m sorry. From now on, we will definitely give gifts to you directly!”

“……”

But Wald-san was still sulking.

“”Wald Nii.””

“We’re going to an advanced dungeon next time~”

“Then we’ll find even more amazing souvenirs~”

“”Look forward to it♪””

“No, wait! That sword alone exceeds the range of souvenirs! Anything more than that, that would be dangerous, so don’t make it a souvenir!”

“”No way~””

“I don’t want to! Stop it!”

Wald-san, who wouldn’t lose his sullen attitude, was greatly flustered by the children’s remarks.

“”No way~””

“No way you are telling me no way!”

“”Impossible~””

“It’s not impossible!”

“”… Muu.”

--- ---

The children puffed out their cheeks as they were completely denied by Wald-san.

“”Shall we secretly send it?””

“We just talked about stopping that, right?”

“”Then, accept it?””

“No, so that’s…”

“That’s no good?”

“This is no good?”

“Ugh…”

The children continued to insist while pouting and finally made Wald-san speechless.

“Is this Allen and Elena’s win?”

“Allen wins~”

“Elena wins~”

“No, that’s not it! Not yet!”

I joined in trying to corner Wald-san at this point, but he didn’t break.

“For now, please put aside the reason that it is too expensive. Because what we give is not something we have taken by cutting our own flesh… or bought with debt… It’s something we happened to come across… or got from an acquaintance. It’s okay.”

“The profession of adventurer always involves taking risks!”

“… Risks? Did anything risky happen to us…?”

Be it forests or dungeons, we are completely enjoying ourselves, so there has never been a close call~ …Has there? If there was an experience of life-threatening danger, I wouldn’t forget it so easily, so I don’t think there was!

“There have been many surprises. But I haven’t felt much danger. More importantly, haven’t you forgotten about Joule and the others? They might be small in the mansion, but they get big when walking through forests and dungeons.”

“Oh yeah~ they were there. They only look like harmless dogs and cats at home…”

“Their true nature or strength is amazing.”

Our party is always overpowered, if anything.

“And by the way, the sword we gave you was obtained in an intermediate-level dungeon, so we didn’t have much trouble. And I’m not very good at manipulating the fire attribute. The sword itself is also a little big for me, so I’m not used to handling it. So please accept it with peace of mind.”

“I get it! I will gratefully accept it.”

“”Yay~””

Finally, Wald-san broke down and agreed to accept the sword.

“With this, it’s okay to use the loot we get in the advanced-level dungeons as souvenirs.”

“”That’s right~””

“No, wait! I didn’t agree to that!”

“Fufufu~”

“Rosalie, don’t smile, back me up!”

“Indeed~ I would like to be on your side, Wald-sama, however…”

“Huh!?”

Wald-san was desperately seeking help from Rosalie-san, but she showed signs of refusing.

Wald-san was quite surprised by her actions.

“I can truly feel the pure intentions from Takumi-san and the children to make me happy. In fact, the things they give me are always happy and wonderful. I have never been given something I thought was unnecessary.”

“That’s… certainly true, but…”

“I can’t refuse to accept… when they are thinking so much about us.”

Oh~ that’s good~ The gifts and souvenirs are being appreciated.

“”Rosalie Neesama, love you~””

“Fufu, I love you too.”

Allen and Elena ran up to Rosalie-san and hugged her.

The two of them are serious about trying to please the person they are giving the gift to. So they must be happy to understand her feelings.

“Besides, I think Mother-in-law is the same? She is happy they think of her and accepts, and in return… not that she’s doing it particularly for that reason, but she’s taking care of this and that.”

Maybe Rosalie-san is right.

Even for me, who is an adult, she takes care of numerous things. Well, I’m grateful and it helps.

“Haah~~~~~……”

Wald-san let out a long sigh.

“Just be careful not to take any unreasonable actions.”

“Understood.”

“”Roger!””

We have successfully pushed the sword onto Wald-san without any problems.

And it seems that he will be able to receive this kind of gift in the future as well, which is an incredibly happy result. Thank you for your support, Rosalie-san!




Chapter 420

Before heading into the dungeon, we listened to Syl and the other Gods’ requests. After immediately making and delivering what they asked for, we finally decided to head to the “Dungeon of Scorching Heat.”

“Ojiisama, we are off!”

“Obaasama, we are off!”

“Take care of yourselves.”

“Don’t push yourselves too hard and avoid getting hurt, okay?”

“”Ye~s.””

Perhaps because they knew we were going to an advanced dungeon, both Matthias-san and Rebecca-san had worried expressions.

“Takumi-kun, make sure to contact us immediately if anything happens.”

“Takumi-san, take care, okay?”

“Yes. Well then, we’re off.”

We had informed the members of the Ruven and Risner families about the teleportation magic tool and were instructed to contact them immediately if anything happened. Moreover, arrangements were made for exchanging letters between the two families and us through the royal family.

The efficiency of these arrangements left me speechless.

“”We are off~””

With that, we departed and, after a few hours, quickly arrived at the location of the Dungeon of Scorching Heat.

“”We are here~!””

(I’m looking forward to it~)

(Niichan, let’s go in quickly!)

(Krrr~)

As soon as the children reached the entrance, they tried to enter inside.

“Now, now, take a short break first!”

Though they might not have exhausted their physical and mental strength, it was still not advisable to rush in like that.

“Let’s hydrate first. What about snacks?”

“”We will eat them~~~””

So, we took a rest before continuing our journey.

“”Can we go now?””

“Yes, yes. Since this dungeon is hot, make sure to drink water frequently even after entering.”

“”(((((Okay~)))))””

(Krr!)

Just as I was about to say, “Let’s go,” a problem arose.

“”Ah!””

“What’s…—!?”

“””””Uwah!”””””

As we reached the entrance, we collided with people coming out of the dungeon, and they let out surprised voices.

“These are my contracted beasts!”

Seeing them preparing their weapons with surprise, I shouted to stop them.

“… Contracted beasts?”

“Yes. I’m sorry for startling you. They won’t attack without reason!”

I reassured the adventurers, who still seemed half in doubt.

“Phew~ that was close. I thought I was going to die!”

“We were just about to exit the dungeon, so we let our guard down.”

Although we were also completely off guard, it seemed the other party had been careless because they were leaving the dungeon.

“… This is amazing~”

“It’s my first time seeing A-rank and S-rank monsters up close like this!”

“Nono, seeing them up close would mean early death!”

The five male adventurers calmed down and began to observe Joule and the others.

“Ah, sorry. We didn’t mean to stare like that.”

“Umm… it’s your first time seeing them, so…”

I think it’s natural for the people we introduced Joule and the others to be curious. After all, creatures like Fenrir and Celestial Tiger are rarely seen.

As long as they don’t have malicious or disdainful looks, both I, Joule and the others won’t get upset, of course.

“You, are you ‘Setsuna’ by any chance?”

“Huh!? Ehh!? Why!?”

“Oh, did I hit the mark? The rumors were just too spot-on, so I thought it must be true.”

“… Rumors.”

--- ---

It seemed they knew about me from the rumors.

They seemed to know about me through the rumors.

“Well… when talking about a ‘black-haired man with a blue-haired twins and several familiars,’ then that would be me, I suppose~”

“Yeah, that’s right. There’s not so many people who would fit those exact conditions. Oh, I’m Siegfried, the leader of the party ‘Ice Blade.’ Call me Sieg.”

The other members greeted us one after another.

They were adventurers stationed in the town of Gista near the Dungeon of Scorching Heat, forming a B-rank party with two A-rank and three B-rank members. They all had a friendly vibe, and the conversation flowed easily.

“Your nickname, is ‘Ice Blade’, Sieg-san!?”

“Yeah, our party’s name doubles as our leader’s nickname!”

“Oscar, you’re so loud! Warren is like that, too!”

“Warren-san’s nickname is ‘Absolute Zero’ because of how cold he is to everyone~”

It seems there are various reasons behind people’s nicknames.

“In that regard, Takumi-kun’s ‘Setsuna’ is pretty cool.”

“… You think so?”

I always thought it was just embarrassing, so I never considered if it was cool or not.

Well, I don’t think it’s uncool, though.

“Nicknames tend to stick and spread without you even realizing it. There’s nothing you can do about it.”

“…That’s true.”

Sieg-san sighed deeply. He didn’t seem completely satisfied with his own nickname.

“By the way, I assume you guys are here to enter the dungeon? You are taking the kids with you?”

“Yes, that’s the plan… But is the dungeon really that hot?”

“Well, at the beginning, it’s not so bad, but it gets hotter the deeper you go. We manage to progress thanks to our ice and wind magic, but it’s still challenging.”

“I see.”

So, the dungeon lives up to its name.

“We’ve prepared some countermeasures, and we have a child who can use ice magic, so we’ll try to go as far as we can safely.”

“Don’t push yourselves too hard.”

“Of course not. Sorry for keeping you guys here for so long. We should be on our way soon.”

“Sorry for keeping you too. If we meet in Gista, let’s have a meal together!”

“Sure, we’d love that.”

As the kids were still waiting impatiently, I decided to wrap up the conversation with the ‘Ice Blade’ party.

“Sorry for making you wait.”

After parting ways with Sieg-san and his party, I approached the kids who had gathered in one spot, and they seemed a little uneasy.

“Eh, what’s wrong?”

(Niichan, I’m sorry for being careless.)

(… We knew there were people in the dungeon, but we couldn’t tell where they were.)

(I never thought they would be this close.)

(I’m sorry, Takumi Nii!)

Joule, Feat, Bolt, and Mile seemed down because they couldn’t sense the presence of others until we bumped into them.

Radian, being a child, didn’t understand why everyone was feeling down. That’s fine. But is it okay for Vector to be so nonchalant about it? Well, he’s Vector, after all… Can I just leave it at that?

“Don’t worry about it too much. I didn’t notice either…”

“Alen didn’t sense anything either~”

“Elena is the same~”

I tried sensing the inside of the dungeon from the outside, and while I could faintly feel the presence of people, I had no idea where they were.

“Joule, could you try entering the dungeon for a bit? You don’t have to go far.”

(Sure thing~)

I had a thought and asked Joule alone to enter the dungeon. As he did so, it became harder to sense his presence.

“Ah~ so that’s how it is after all.”

“”Lost track of him!””

Joule was clearly visible to my eyes, yet the location of his presence was distorted.

“Joule, it’s okay now. Thanks.”

(No problem at all. But it’s strange. Even from my side, I couldn’t really sense you guys well~ And not just your presence, but even your scent!)

It seems that sensing each other’s presence from the outside to the inside of the dungeon and vice versa is difficult.

Truly, dungeons are mysterious places.

“See, it’s not something to worry about. It’s not anyone’s fault. From now on, whenever we enter or leave a dungeon, let’s remember that this can happen.”

“”(((((Okay!)))))””

(Krr!)

I reassured everyone that they shouldn’t worry too much and let the matter rest.




Chapter 421

Finally, we enter the 71st dungeon, “Scorching Heat,” and passed through the entrance to proceed to the first floor.

“”Warm?””

“Yeah, it is.”

The moment we pass the boundary, the temperature clearly changed.

Around 25 degrees Celsius (77 °F), I suppose? It’s quite warm from the beginning.

Assuming it gets hotter and hotter, I wonder how hot it will be when we reach the 50th floor, the final floor? I have no idea, to be honest~

“”Stones~ Rolling around~””

“Is this a rocky area?”

As far as the eye can see, there didn’t seem to be a single blade of grass.

And, as always, it’s unbelievably vast for a dungeon, with the sun clearly visible. It’s quite mysterious.

“We probably won’t find any medicinal herbs in this dungeon.”

“”Eh~!?””

“Don’t be so surprised, just take a look. There are hardly any plants or grass here, right?”

“”Ugh~ so disappointing.””

Allen and Elena seem genuinely disappointed, with a hint of dejection.

“But considering that high-level adventurers come here, there must be something valuable… probably related to minerals?”

“”Minerals?””

“Yeah. Stones, iron… maybe even gemstones.”

“”Ohh~!””

While there may not be much to collect, it seems like a dungeon suitable for mining.

“So, what do we do for now? Head straight to the lower floor, or take our time exploring this one?”

“”Explore~!””

(I want to see what this dungeon looks like first!)

(Yeah. I’m in favor of exploring as well.)

(Eh, let’s go down quickly and fight some strong monsters~)

(Information is crucial! Let’s explore!)

(Krr~?)

Six votes for exploration, one vote to proceed, and one vote for whichever, I guess?

“Majority rule. Let’s explore slowly. It’s okay to wander a bit, but be cautious as there might be other adventurers around. Also, make sure to stay in a position where you can quickly return! And Radian, always stay close to someone, understand?”

“”(((((Yes!)))))””

(Krr!)

After stating the instructions, the children all started running together. Since they all headed straight in one direction, I also began walking that way.

(Aniue, there are various minerals that can be used in medicine as well, right?)

“Of course, there are.”

Allen and Elena were with Joule, Vector, and Mile, while Radian was with Feet, and Bolt stayed with me. As Bolt and I walked around, we kept an eye on the stones scattered around us. Since it’s the first floor, we haven’t found anything noteworthy yet.

“”Oniichan, come over here~””

“Okay, what’s up~?”

“”We found mushrooms~””

The children seem to have found some mushrooms.

“Let me see, where~?”

“”Over here~””

“Oh, these!”

In the gaps between the round stones, there were things that at first glance looked like pebbles, but upon closer inspection, they had the shape of mushrooms. Using the Appraisal skill, I confirmed that they were called ‘Iwatake’ mushrooms.

(Oniichan, are these edible~?)

“Let me see… Unfortunately, no. They are poisonous, so we can’t eat them.”

“”Ehh~””

“But it seems they can be used as medicine.”

Although they are poisonous mushrooms, they can be processed into medicine.

(Well, it’s a shame we can’t eat them, but if they can be used as medicine, that’s good enough.)

“”Yeah, you’re right~””

(Alright! Let’s continue looking for Iwatake and search for other things too!)

“”Oh~!””

For the children, the exploration is all about finding food and medicine. As Allen, Elena, and the others head back to collect, Radian and Feat come running towards us.

(Krrr.)

“Radian, welcome back. What is it?”

(Niisama, Radian found a beautiful stone and wants to show it to you.)

“Is that so?”

(Krr!)

“Alright. Will you show it to me?”

--- ---

Radian handed me a smooth, white stone slightly smaller than my palm.

“Wow~ this is indeed a beautiful stone.”

(Kr~)

“You found it well. Oh, come to think of it, I didn’t have a treasure box made for you yet. I’ll have one made next time, and we can keep items you find precious in it.”

(Krr!)

“Until the treasure box is ready, is it okay if I hold onto it?”

(Krrr!)

Radian seems to be joyfully hopping around. I need to have that treasure box made for Radian as soon as possible.

(Krr~)

(Radian, don’t go off alone.)

Radian happily ran off to look for treasure again, and Feat hurriedly chased after him.

(He seems to be having fun.)

“Yeah~”

Although it was Radian’s first time in a dungeon, he seemed to be enjoying himself.

(We just entered, so the monsters aren’t too strong yet, just as I thought~)

(Of course! If powerful enemies showed up from the first floor, that would be a shock!)

Next, Vector and Mile returned, each holding what seemed like loot. They had a fire magic stone and a bright red fur.

“What did you defeat?”

(A Flaming Rabbit!)

(It dropped a magic stone and part of its fur!)

Flaming Rabbit, a D-rank fire attribute monster.

“The monsters coming out are also of fire attribute, huh. Since you are the same attribute, I can’t say it’s a good match. Don’t push yourself too hard, Vector.”

(It’s alright. No problem at all.)

(Vector! Don’t be careless!)

(Ouch! Hey, that hurts, Mile~ Isn’t it you with the bad compatibility, not me?)

(Annoying!)

(Ow!)

Despite my warning, Vector remained nonchalant, and Mile gave him a firm tap on the forehead as an educational lesson.

“Well, it’s true that wood magic would have a bad compatibility here, but for beast-type monsters, earth magic should be plenty effective, right?”

(That’s right! Pebbles from the ground are very useful!)

(In that case, I–! I’ll use my body instead of magic and take them down!)

“Hey now, no fighting among yourselves! If you don’t get along, I’ll cancel tomorrow’s snacks!”

(We don’t want that! We’ll get along!)

(I am sorry!)

While it didn’t escalate into a real fight, it was getting heated, so I intervened to stop it. Vector and Mile seem to dislike missing out on snacks, so they quickly settled down.

“Alright, for the good kids, I’ll prepare your favorite snacks! Decide what you want by tomorrow.”

(Ya~y.)

(We did it!)

With excited expressions, Vector and Mile returned to their search.

(They get along quite well, don’t they?)

(Yeah, Mile may say otherwise, but she always voluntarily follows Vector around.)

(Well, Mile has a naturally caring personality. She can’t just leave Vector alone.)

“It’s a big relief for me~”

Though it should be my responsibility to take care of Vector, I can’t help but rely on the dependable children. I often rely on Feat, Bolt, and Mile, but I should make an effort to spend more time with Vector too.

“”Oniicha~n, we found stairs~””

“Eh, you already found them?”

While we weren’t specifically looking for the way down, it seems Allen and Elena have already found it. Since we found it, let’s finish the exploration on this floor and head downstairs.

“Everyone, let’s head down~”

Even though we are in an advanced dungeon, the search on the first floor ended like a picnic.




Chapter 422

The next day, we enthusiastically stepped onto the second floor.

“It’s a bit chilly here~”

The second floor was completely different from the first floor, resembling a mine tunnel. Moreover, it felt considerably colder.

“Allen, Elena, are you guys okay?”

“”Okay?””

Allen and Elena tilted their heads while saying they’re okay. This doesn’t seem okay.

“Here, put these on.”

“”Yes~””

I couldn’t let them stay just in short sleeves, so I took out cloaks from the Infinite Storage and helped Allen and Elena put them on. I also put on a jacket myself.

(I thought the second floor would be similar to the first floor, but it’s completely different.)

“Yeah, I thought the same. Dungeons are really mysterious, aren’t they~”

(Yeah~)

In the Dungeon of Colors,’ the base was a forest, but only the colors have changed. In the ‘Entwined Dungeon,’ there was heavy rain and thick fog. In this dungeon, the very environment has changed completely. The variety is truly absurd.

“If it’s a mine tunnel, could we find something through mining?”

“”Ohh!””

“If we dig?”

“Will something come out?”

“It’s not like you’ll find something no matter where you dig, though~ If you want to mine, you have to choose the right spot. Well, if it’s you twins, I think you should just dig where you feel like saying, ‘It’s here!’!”

With Allen and Elena’s intuition, if they dug in a place they felt something might be, I’m sure they’d definitely find something.

“”Will look for a digging spot~!””

“Yeah, let’s search while moving forward.”

And so, as we advanced through the mining tunnel, we began to carefully consider where to mine.

“”Ah! Here!””

Just as I thought that, Allen and Elena immediately discovered a spot that caught their attention.

“”We will dig here~””

Swiftly pulling pickaxes from their magic bags, they started digging into the wall.

(Here? Does it seem like there’s something?)

(I’m gonna dig too~)

(Krrr~)

Joule and Vector also joined in, using their front paws to dig into the wall, and Radian followed suit, pecking at the wall with his beak.

“”Ah!””

“Oh, did something come out?”

(Oh, here too!)

(I’ve found something too~)

(Krr~)

It seemed like everyone had uncovered something.

“”Pink stones~?””

(Mine’s also a pink stone!)

(Mine too~!)

(Krr~)

“Seems like everyone found the same thing.”

I immediately used my Appraisal skill to examine the stones and found out that it was halite.

“Halite. It looks like it’s salt.”

“”Salt~? But it’s not white~?””

“Ah, yeah, halite comes in colors other than white.”

“”Heh~ really~””

The children handed me the halite they had dug out and looked at me with hopeful eyes. They probably wanted to taste it right away.

“Okay, okay, let’s try using it for lunch.”

“”Ehehe~ Looking forward to it~””

When I mentioned using it for cooking, the children smiled happily. They seem eager to try the taste of the food they find… They’re becoming more and more like me.

(Ya~y! Looking forward to lunch~)

(Yeah, excited, so excited~)

(Krrr~)

(Ah, uf we dig around here more, will we find lots of halite?)

(Oh~ let’s dig, let’s dig! Radian, stay a bit away~)

(Krr!)

--- ---

To find more halite, Joule and Vector started digging boldly around the area where they had found the pink rock salt.

(Is this amount enough, I wonder?)

(Niichan, what do you think? With this much, we should be fine for a while, right?)

“Yeah, thanks. It’s plenty. With this much, we can even bring some back as a souvenir for the Ruven family.”

Joule and Vector managed to dig up a considerable amount of halite in a short time. Well, whether we’ll make souvenirs out of it depends on how it tastes. But considering they’ve gathered so much… I hope it doesn’t taste weird~

“Ah! Something’s over here!”

“Over here too! Something here too!”

Allen and Elena moved to a different spot and, sensing something, rushed over with pickaxes in hand.

(Fufufu~ it looks like our exploration of the second floor is already getting quite eventful.)

“We’re not in a rush to clear it quickly, so it’s fine, right?”

(We were kind of thinking about how quickly we could get to the next floor… but yeah, you’re right. There’s no need to rush.)

“Ah~ we’ve been going at a similar pace until now. But it’s true that for regular adventurers, it takes several days to clear a single floor, so let’s take it easy~”

(Yeah, let’s enjoy it at a leisurely pace!)

Feat, Bolt, Mile, and I watched from a distance, taking it easy.

“”Heave-ho~!””

(Krrr~)

“”Mh?””

“Does Radian want to dig too?”

“Alright then, try digging here!”

(Krr!)

Allen, Elena, and Radian were all busy with the excavation.

“”Found something~””

“Did you find something good? Or is it salt again?”

“”Well… um…””

“N?”

“”… Don’t know what this is?””

“Hahaha~”

It seemed like they had dug something up, but they weren’t sure what it was.

“Alright, let me see.”

“”Here~””

“Mm~… this looks like iron, doesn’t it?”

“”Iron, huh~””

The children were clearly disappointed upon realizing it was iron.

“Well, there are uses for iron, you know~”

“”But we can’t eat it~””

“Nono, it’s difficult to find food through mining…”

“”Also, it’s not a pretty gem~””

“……”

First, it’s about finding food, and second, it’s about finding beautiful stones. The priorities haven’t changed. It’s really consistent, isn’t it~

“Well, it’s unfortunate, but this is still the second floor. Maybe we’ll find something better if we go deeper?”

“”Oh, right!””

Seems like the children had momentarily forgotten that this was still the second floor, and their spirits lifted.

“”Oniichan! Let’s go quickly!””

“Well, we don’t need to hurry, okay!? For now, I’d like to find a place where we can rest. And let’s also do a taste test of the salt.”

“”Right, right. Salt tasting.””

Allen and Elena quickly found a suitable resting spot, so I started preparing lunch.

“Now, what should I make~?”

While thinking about the menu, I crushed and ground the salt to make it usable right away. By the way, from the little taste, it feels like a regular, good-tasting salt, right?

“… Maybe I should make salt onigiri after all? And then… salt-fried food and salt-marinated vegetables?”

This should be sufficient. That being the case, I swiftly prepared the meal and started eating.

“”Oniichan, it’s yummy~””

(Yeah, yummy~)

(But the deliciousness comes from Niisama’s cooking skills. The saltiness itself is… normal, I guess?)

(N~ I don’t sense any impurities, so it’s probably decent salt, right?)

(It’s yummy, so whatever goes!)

(It’s not okay to say whatever goes! But it’s delicious!)

“Krrr~)

In conclusion… well, I think it’s safe to make souvenirs out of it, I guess?

“Now, let’s take it easy for the rest of the afternoon~”

“”Oh~!!

Continuing to mine while taking it slow, we progressed through the second floor.




Chapter 423

After taking a break, we arrived at the third floor the next day.

“It’s warm here~”

“”So warm~””

The third floor was once again a rocky area like the first floor. The temperature was also warm, similar to the first level.

This dungeon had a pattern of temperature shifts: warm, cool, warm. And the temperature differences were quite extreme~

“This… doesn’t seem good for our health… —n?”

Wait a moment. If we were normal adventurers, we would take several days to conquer one floor, then leave and return to the town. And then, on a different day, we would challenge the next floor, right? For advanced dungeons, there are teleportation devices for each floor. There should be few like us who continue to conquer multiple levels in succession.

… In that case, do temperature differences really matter?

“… Maybe it’s because of our conquering pace that our health might not agree~”

(Oniichan, what’s the matter?)

Joule asked with concern in response to my mutter.

“N? Ah, yeah, I was worried that the temperature differences might affect our health.”

(Indeed, this is a strange dungeon.—Oh dear, Allen-chan, Elena-chan, even though it’s sometimes warm and sometimes cold, are you both feeling alright?)

“‘We’re okay~””

I honestly conveyed my thoughts, and Feat hurriedly checked on the children’s condition. Well, it seems they’re fine.

“Both of you, if you feel even a little strange, make sure to tell us immediately.”

“”Okay~””

They seemed full of energy.

Although Allen and Elena seemed to have no problems with things like catching a cold, I couldn’t say for certain, so we needed to be cautious.

“Well then, let’s take it easy here… Which way should we go?”

“”That way~!””

Allen and Elena both pointed in the same direction, towards the right. As always, they were in perfect sync.

Moreover, after indicating the direction, the two of them immediately started running in that direction. Joule hastily followed after them.

“Radian, Vector, wait!”

(Krrr?)

(Ehh!?)

I restrained Radian and Vector, who seemed about to run ahead. In response, the two animals tilted their heads as if to ask, “Why?”

“Radian, stick with me. Let’s train by facing some monsters around here.”

(Krr!)

“It seems you’re very motivated! —Vector, Mile, if you come across any monsters that don’t seem too strong, could you lead them over here?”

(Ohh, I get it! Leave it to me!)

(Okay! I’ll assess the situation and have Vector drive them towards you!)

“Feat, provide support for Radian. Bolt, while Radian is in battle, please keep an eye from above to make sure nothing interferes.”

(Yes, you can leave it to me.)

(I won’t let anything interfere, I promise!)

Everyone began to act promptly according to my instructions.

(Aniue, there’s a Flame Rabbit coming from the front!)

“Oh, great. Looks like they have corralled a suitable monster.”

In an advanced dungeon like this, there wouldn’t be many E or F-ranked monsters. D-rank would be acceptable. It seemed like Vector had done a good job.

“Radian, even if you can’t defeat it right away, just try hitting it with a spell. So, when you’re in range for the spell, go ahead and cast it.”

(If it gets close, I’ll make sure to finish it off properly, so you can focus on your magic.)

(K, krr.)

Radian seemed a bit nervous, but not exactly scared.

“Is it time?”

(Krrrrrr~!)

As Radian unleashed “Wind Cutter,” the wind blades struck the ground slightly to the left of the Flame Rabbit.

“Close, but not quite. Aim more accurately and try again.”

(Krrrrrrrrr~!)

The next Wind Cutter hit the Flame Rabbit squarely, but it didn’t seem to have enough power. The injured Flame Rabbit charged toward him in a fit of rage.

“It’s gotten a bit faster. Momentum-wise, I guess another shot is not possible.”

(Leave it to me. —Wind Cutter!)

Feat demonstrated by using the same spell as Radian to finish off the Flame Rabbit.

(Radian, this spell flies mostly straight ahead. Determine the direction carefully and aim before casting it.)

(Krr!)

Feat taught Radian how to use the spell, and Radian nodded repeatedly.

(Aniue, the next one is also a Flame Rabbit. It’s coming from the front and slightly to the left.)

“Radian, next one’s coming. Are you ready?”

(Krr!)

(Ah, a Flamebird is coming from behind! I’ll handle that one!)

“I will leave it to you, Bolt. —Radian, focus on the Flame Rabbit.”

--- ---

Since monsters were coming from both the front and behind, we decided that Radian would deal with the front, while Bolt would handle the rear.

(Krrrrrrrrr~!)

As the Flame Rabbit came within range of Radian’s magic, Radian cast the spell.

(Nice shot. One more time. Aim carefully.)

While he didn’t manage to finish it off, there was room for one more spell. Feat encouraged Radian to follow up.

(Krrrrrrrr~!)

When Radian’s second spell hit, the Flame Rabbit fell and turned into loot.

(Krr, krrr!)

“Well done. You did great, Radian.”

(Good job~ Now, let’s collect the loot.)

(Krr!)

As Radian went to retrieve the loot for the first time, Bolt arrived with loot obtained by defeating the Flamebird.

(Radian, you have managed to defeat it? You did so well!)

(Krrr~)

Perhaps Radian was embarrassed by the praise, as he nuzzled against me.

“You did really well~ What do you think? Should we call it a day or keep going a little longer?”

(Krrr!)

(It seems like he wants to keep going. The next monster might come soon, so I’ll head back up.)

“Thank you, Bolt~”

(Yes, leave it to me.)

(Well then, Radian, let’s get ready too.)

(Krr!)

As Radian was still willing to continue, we prepared to intercept the next wave of monsters.

(Onii~chan!)

“Eh? Huh?! Radian!?”

After defeating a few more monsters like that, Radian reached out through telepathy.

“You’ve learned telepathy already?! You are so amazing!”

(Learned it! Radian is amazing!)

Radian’s first-person pronoun seemed to be “Radian.” Perhaps influenced by Allen and Elena?

(Feat, Onee~chan! Bolt Onii~chan!)

(Fufufu~ what a cute voice you have~)

(You’ve learned telepathy already? That’s incredible!)

Radian seemed to recognize everyone as their siblings. In that case…

“Radian, when you call me, can you include my name?”

(Takumi Onii~chan?)

“Yeah, like that. Since you call everyone’s name with ‘Oniichan’ or ‘Oneechan,’ I’d be happy if you called me that too.”

(Okay~)

Being the only one just called “Oniichan” felt lonely, so I was glad we were all matching like this.

(Allen Onii~chan, Elena Onee~chan! Joule Onii~chan! Vector Onii~chan, Mile Onee~chan!)

“”Waaah!””

((Ehh~!?))

(Radian, that’s incredible!)

After a while, everyone who scattered had regrouped, and when they did, they surrounded Radian with surprised voices.

Radian, their little sibling, was showered with affection in a jumble of excitement.

“Well then, when we reach the transfer area between the third and fourth floors, we should celebrate, right?”

“”Ohhh~ we should, we should~””

With the idea of celebrating Radian’s growth after conquering the third floor, the children became excited and quickly found the staircase to the fourth floor.

“… Wasn’t this too easy?”

I was still amazed by Allen and Elena’s abilities.

“Since it’s a celebration, Radian, you can choose what you want for dinner.”

“”Yeah!””

(Meat~)

Radian’s request was for meat, so we celebrated with a barbecue party.

After that, we continued to conquer the fourth and fifth floors at a pace of one floor per day. We eventually decided to take a break from the dungeon and visit the town of Gista for some rest.




Chapter 424

When we arrived in the town of Gista, we headed straight to the Adventurers’ Guild.

“Hey, Takumi, we meet again!”

“Oh, Sieg-san!”

Then, luckily enough, we encountered Sieg-san whom we had met right in front of the Dungeon of Scorching Heat as soon as we entered the guild.

“What, could it be that you are just returning from the dungeon? I thought if it was you, Takumi, you would have finished conquering at least the first floor and come to the town sooner… Perhaps, have you even gone partway through the second floor already?”

“……”

If it’s just conquering the first floor, it would probably take around two or three days, even if you take your time. That’s just my assumption, though.

However, we met at the dungeon… I’m not exactly sure, but it was probably about six days ago. So, I think Sieg-san was surprised that it took a little longer, and he probably guessed that we had gone through part of the second floor as well.

Given the context of this conversation, is it acceptable to say that we’ve conquered up to the fifth floor… I wonder?

“”No, that’s not it!””

“Ah!”

I hurriedly covered Allen’s and Elena’s mouths. They were definitely about to say that we had finished up to the fifth floor.

“… Alright, Takumi, do you have time? It’s lunchtime, let’s go to the dining hall together. Of course, somewhere with private rooms. We can have a thorough conversation there! What do you say?”

“Hahaha~…”

Sieg-san seemed to have sensed something was up and was guiding us towards a private room where our conversation wouldn’t be overheard by others.

“Just so you know, I did say we’ll have a thorough conversation, but if you don’t want to talk, you don’t have to. Of course, I’ll listen carefully if you’re willing to tell me, though~”

“Well, it’s not like it’s a secret or anything… but I think you might be surprised. So, if you can mentally prepare yourself, I’ll tell you.”

Even if we try to keep it a secret, it seems like it might get out eventually, and we probably won’t be able to keep it confidential among ourselves. So, I feel like it would be easier to just talk about somewhere else without any fuss, right~

“Oh, really? Well then, I’ll prepare myself mentally. Go ahead and tell me!”

“Is it okay if it’s just you, Sieg-san? What about the other members?”

“Oh, about them, I already sent someone to call them, and I have arranged to meet them at the restaurant.”

“Wow, everyone’s here already…”

Somewhere along the line, arrangements had been made for the other members of the ‘Ice Blade’ to gather.

“Here we are.”

“”Here?””

“Sieg-san, over here!”

“Uwah, everyone’s already here!”

As we entered the restaurant, there were already four members of the ‘Ice Blade’ gathered there, and Oscar-san noticed us and waved.

“This is odd, isn’t it? Why is everyone already here? Didn’t Sieg-san just send the message a little while ago?”

“I was surprised by that too. Since this is the inn we’re staying at, I thought one or two people would join quickly, but it seems like everyone stayed at the inn instead of going out.”

“That’s right. Warren-san and Nick were reading in their room, and Valda and I were drinking.”

“Heh~”

It seemed like two of them had been drinking since before noon.

“For everyone except me to not have gone out, that’s unexpected! They really are a bunch of recluses.”

Even Sieg-san seemed to be looking at his party members with a mix of exasperation and amusement.

“Recluses! Allen is one too~!”

“Elena’s too~!”

“Nono, would you really call what you two do ‘reclusiveness’?”

“”Is that so?””

“I mean, not leaving the room at all for the whole day… Have you two ever done that~?”

“”Huh~?””

“Didn’t you go out to the garden or wander around the mansion?”

“”We did~””

Staying within the Ruven estate’s grounds without going outside is something that’s happened a few times, but rarely would they not leave their own rooms. At most, they’d laze around on the bed in the morning… that’s about it. The rest of the time, they’re reasonably active. Well, you could say they’re staying indoors, but considering the size of the estate, it’s a bit different from being a recluse in my opinion.

“We weren’t recluses!”

“Not at all~”

“Oh, I, I see…”

The kids were quick to correct themselves to Sieg-san, leaving him a bit bewildered in response.

“Um, is this place both an inn and a restaurant?”

“Yeah, that’s right.”

“Who’s in charge here? Do you know if there are any rooms available?”

Since it’s an inn, I thought I’d secure lodging for tonight.

“Niichan, we do have rooms available, but… I’m afraid there are only single rooms left.”

“That’s not a problem. We’ll take a single room then. One adult and two children.”

The apologetic look from the staff was probably because, even though they’re kids, we’re a group of three and there’s only single rooms available. However, my kids are still too young to be using separate rooms.

--- ---

“”Sleeping together~””

Even on a single bed, we can still manage to squeeze together, and if it’s cramped, I can temporarily store the built-in bed in the Infinite Storage and use the larger bed I have… However, it might be a good idea to start getting them used to sleeping separately. Well, I’ll think about that later.

“Now that we’ve secured a room, shall we have a meal?”

“”Food, food~””

“I heard that you preferred a private room. One is available.”

“Thank you. Oh, right. Could you use this for the meal you prepare for us?”

I suddenly took out a pink rock salt from the Infinite Storage, which I had obtained from the Dungeon of Scorching Heat

I had the idea of trying the taste of the food others make with it.

“Wow! Isn’t that the Scorching Pink Rock Salt? You found one!”

“……”

… Huh? Is this level of surprise an indication that it’s unexpectedly rare?

“Alright, we’ve got more reasons for a private room now!”

“… Ehhh~”

“Come on, let’s go.”

“Hey! Wait! Salt! I don’t mind you using it, so please don’t hold back!”

We were about to be led to a private room by Sieg-san and the others, so I managed to hand the salt to the restaurant staff before moving.

“Now then, Takumi. Let me confirm first. When you guys first met us, it was also the first time you delved into the Scorching Heat, correct?”

“Oh, um, yes, that’s right?”

Once we settled into our seats, the question time from Sieg-san and the others began.

“Wow! So does that mean you can find this rock salt even on the first floor!?”

“Oscar, we don’t know that yet.—Takumi, you said we could ask if we wanted to know earlier. How many floors did you go through?”

“Um…”

“”Five floors!””

“””””What!?”””””

Sieg-san was asking us about the floors we conquered this time. I did say we’d tell if they wanted to know, but I hesitated for a moment, so the kids easily answered. Upon hearing their response, Sieg-san and the others had their eyes widen, taking in a sharp breath.

“What!? You went all the way to the fifth floor in one go!?”

“”Yeah, we did~””

“No way!”

“”It’s not a lie~””

“Wait, so, roughly one floor per day?”

“”That’s right~””

Sieg-san’s words sounded more like exclamations than questions, and the kids were casually responding with nods. It was interesting to watch.

“Oh man… I thought I was mentally prepared, but I’m still surprised.”

“Hahaha~”

Seems like his mental preparation was in vain. Sieg-san looked a bit tired.

“Oh well~ You guys are amazing. Even though they’re lower floors, to conquer five floors in one go~”

“In our party, we have members with good instincts, a keen sense of smell, the ability to scout from high places, and good mobility. So, we have advantages when it comes to conquering.”

“I see, that’s envy-worthy.”

After hearing my words, Sieg-san seemed to remember Joule and the others. He nodded as if he understood. Thanks to everyone’s abilities, the progress of the conquest was going smoothly, especially timewise~

“Speaking of which, is that halite really that amazing? I was quite surprised…”

Since I didn’t have a grasp of the market value of rock salt, I decided to ask honestly.

“That rock of salt is mined beyond the tenth floor, so it’s not that common. That’s why it commands quite a high price. If it’s found on the lower floors, I can imagine adventurers in this town rushing to get it.”

“I see.”

So, halite is quite valuable after all.

“To be honest, I’m curious where you found it… Oh, but if you want to keep it a secret, you don’t have to tell me.”

“No, it’s not that I want to keep it a secret… oh, wait, we found it on the second floor?”

“”We found a lot~””

“Second floor!? And there were a lot of them!?”

“Yeah, well…”

It’s something that supposedly can’t be mined in large quantities, but we managed to find quite a lot. As expected of Allen and Elena, I guess?

“Hey there, we’re serving! The food’s ready~”

“”Food time!””

The conversation was interrupted as the food was brought to us.




Chapter 425

The dishes seemed to have been prepared by the man who welcomed us at the inn, possibly the innkeeper. He happened to serve us, but he actually seems to be the chef.

In these types of inns, it’s often run by a husband and wife, with the husband as the chef and the wife handling reception and service.

“Yum! Boss, this is definitely better than usual! Is it because of that salt?”

The dishes themselves consisted mainly of meat stir-fry and soup commonly served in dining halls, but Oscar-san seemed to notice a difference in taste after just one bite.

“Oscar, can you really tell the difference in taste?”

“I might not know much about art, but I know whether food is good or not!”

“Well, you certainly don’t have any aesthetic sense, Oscar.”

“So heartless~”

Oscar-san and the innkeeper bantered back and forth. It seemed like they got along well, possibly because they had been based here for a long time.

“What can I say… it has an elegant finish, don’t you think?”

“Do you think so too, Warren? I felt the same way when I was making it.”

The innkeeper agreed with the words Warren-san said while savoring his food.

Indeed, it had an elegant taste~ It might be because of the high-quality rock salt, which lacked any impurities.

“What do you think, kids?”

“”It’s yummy~””

“It’s very tasty.”

“I’m glad to hear that. Oh, that’s right. Niichan, here’s the remaining rock salt. I’ll leave it here. Thank you for letting me use such a precious ingredient.”

The innkeeper wore a satisfied expression as he asked for our opinions, and then he placed the leftover halite on the table before leaving the room.

“”Oniichan, this is delish too~!””

“Really? Then give me a bit.”

“”Yeah!””

It didn’t feel like we were chatting while eating… instead, we focused on our meals without much conversation.

“Wah~ that was so good~ Since we don’t do much mining, I thought we wouldn’t get a chance to taste this, but today’s our lucky day~ Takumi, thanks for sharing this with us!”

“No problem, I’m glad you enjoyed it.”

After finishing our meal, we started talking again. The “Ice Blade” party seemed to be focused on obtaining monster materials and dungeon exploration, and it appeared they had never gone mining for rock salt.

“Do adventurers who primarily focus on mining exist around here?”

“They do, they do! The current trend is mining on the eighth floor. It seems high-quality minerals can be found there.”

“Heh~”

“Oh, and they say they occasionally find rock salt there, but it seems to be quite rare.”

So, there are floors where high-quality minerals can be mined. I can’t think of any use for them, but I might want to do some mining at some point.

“By the way, what floor are you guys currently on, Zeke-san?”

“We just managed to clear the twelfth floor when we met the other day. Among the current exploration groups, we should be the furthest ahead. The highest recorded floor was the fifteenth, I believe.”

Zeke-san’s group was currently the top explorers on the twelfth floor, and the highest record in the past was the fifteenth floor. I thought there would have been more exploration done, even in the past, but they haven’t even reached half of it.

Perhaps the hot dungeon makes progress difficult? I need to remember this well.

“That dungeon, the temperature rises from the eleventh floor, so it’s quite challenging.”

“So, floors one to ten don’t change much in terms of temperature?”

“Yeah, it doesn’t vary much from floors one to five; it alternates between going up and down.”

I assumed it would continue to alternate up to the higher floors, as it did up to the fifth, but it seems the pattern continues up to the tenth floor.

“And floors eleven and twelve are the hot floors, right?”

“That’s right. We ventured a bit into the thirteenth floor, and it was also a hot one.”

I see, I see. Thanks for sharing this valuable information.

--- ---

“Allen wants to go further ahead!”

“Elena will do her best too!”

The children, who had been listening to the discussion about the Dungeon of Scorching Heat, showed determination, and Zeke-san’s group smiled at them fondly. However, I couldn’t calm down. If the kids got motivated, they might easily surpass Zeke-san’s group’s records, and even past records!

“… Allen, Elena, let’s not overdo it.”

“”Ehh, will do our best~””

I really hope they keep their enthusiasm in check. Seriously.

“Oh, look, the eighth floor seems suitable for mining, so let’s set our target there and do some mining.”

“We’ll do our best mining~”

“But also do our best conquering~”

There’s still some time before that happens, so I should think of a way to stop the kids.

“The kids are really eager, huh~? Keep it up!”

“”Yeah, we will!””

“Zeke-san, don’t encourage them!”

Seriously, please stop. I’m scared of the results of their excessive enthusiasm.

“Oh, with Takumi’s group, it feels like they’ll surpass us and move ahead in no time.”

“What are you talking about? Please continue your exploration.”

“We prioritize safety, you see. So, Takumi, if you happen to advance ahead of us, please provide us with maps and information!”

“No, no, no!”

Does Zeke-san’s group have no sort of pride, thinking they should always be the best? Or is it simply stubbornness? Do they have no stubbornness at all?

“Wouldn’t your group feel frustrated if we easily surpassed your record!?”

“Hm? I wonder? You guys seem quite extraordinary.”

“Yeah, not just extraordinary, abnormal might be a more suitable word.”

“Oh yeah~ they give off that kind of feeling.”

“If they easily break the past records, wouldn’t people’s expectations for us decrease?”

“Well, that’s something we’d definitely would want to happen.”

“……”

None of them seem to care about it!? Some of them even have harsh comments!

“Is the guild, or rather, the Adventurers’ Guild, the one that expects the most since you’re the ones making the most progress?”

“When we return from the dungeon, we always get summoned by the Guild Master without fail.”

“Every time without fail? Whoah~ that might be annoying.”

“The other day, when we finished the twelfth level, the Guild Master was very happy. This dungeon is not a very easy one to conquer, so when we return to the town in the middle of clearing a floor, it’s obvious that people are disappointed.”

“Uwah, that sounds really unpleasant!”

It seems like Zeke-san’s group is going through quite a bit of mental struggle.

“That’s something that really needs to be addressed, right~”

“Or if they have such high expectations of us, they should at least provide support, I think.”

“No, if we receive support, they’ll expect even greater results. I absolutely want to avoid that.”

It really seems like they are struggling.

“That’s why I sincerely want you guys to do your best.”

“You guys have too high expectations of us!”

“Not at all. Do your best!”

“”Will do~””

“No, really, wait.”

Zeke-san seemed determined to motivate Alan and Elena to the fullest.

Well, it’s because they’ve been going through a lot.

“”We will do our best~””

After this, we received various pieces of information from Zeke-san’s group for a while… It felt like they were expecting us to hurry up and catch up to them.

And the children were getting even more motivated… I have a feeling I won’t be able to stop them.




Chapter 426

“Now, what should we do today?”

“”Gonna be a shut-in~””

“……”

The day after arriving in the town of Gista, when I asked what we should do, the children immediately suggested being a hikikomori. Perhaps because they found out they had never done it before, they decided to put it into practice right away.

“Well, it’s not a bad idea for a day of rest. So, should we spend today reading books or something?”

“”Will do that~””

So, we spent the entire day holed up in our accommodation, taking it easy.

The day after our hikikomori episode, we went out into the town for some shopping. It was under the pretext of restocking supplies for dungeon exploration, but we didn’t really need to replenish even our food supplies. So, we just wandered around the shops in this new town, buying things that caught our eye.

“”Will do our best~””

After spending two days in the town, we returned to the dungeon.

We could have rested a bit more, but it seemed that two days were enough for Allen and Elena.

“Alright then, let’s head to the fifth floor.”

“”((((((Yay~))))))””

We used the teleportation device to go to the innermost chamber of the fifth floor and then descended the stairs to the sixth floor.

“”It’s cool here~””

As expected, the sixth floor had a cooler temperature, just as we had heard.

“According to Sieg-san’s information, there’s hardly anything to mine on this floor… What should we do?”

“”Will give it a try~””

“Yeah. That’s what I thought.”

If the kids could mine even the halite that was thought not to appear until the double digits floor, they should be able to find something here.

“”Will try digging here~””

Without delay, the children raised their pickaxes and began to dig into the wall.

(Radian will dig too~)

(Well, I guess I’ll join in too~)

(In that case, I’ll take care of the monsters~)

Following Allen and Elena, Radian and Vector also began digging into the wall, while Joule kept an eye on the surroundings to protect those who were mining.

“There’s really nothing to do during the time the children are mining, right?”

(Yeah~)

(There really isn’t~)

(Nothing to do!)

And so, I, Feat, Bolt, and Mile were in full-on watch duty mode.

“What should we do? Should we try digging somewhere too?”

(I feel like we’ll just end up with empty hands if we do that.)

“Yeah~ you’re right.”

(Aniue, how about doing some cooking?)

“It would be fine if we stayed in one place for longer, but since we’ll be moving around a lot, it’s not quite possible, I guess?”

(Takumi Nii, just quietly watch over them!)

“Yeah. I better do that~)

We decided to continue our watch duty.

“”We found lots~””

(We did~)

“You guys really found a lot~”

“”A bunch came out!””

It seems like the children have dug up a large amount of rock salt and iron.

Moreover, from what I hear, they didn’t dig in various places but rather found a lot from digging in one spot. They sure are lucky~

(Oniichan, quite a few monsters came our way too~ The loot is all over there~)

As they look at the children’s spoils, Joule has also returned. It seems he wants us to collect the loot that he has gathered in one place. It looks like there’s quite a bit, too.

“Isn’t it about time we finished mining? Should we move on?”

“”Yeah, let’s move on~””

After easily conquering the sixth floor, we headed to the seventh floor into a rocky area.

“Now, which way should we go?”

“”Over there~!””

“That way it is.”

As we defeated monsters we encountered while gathering some rocks, I noticed something in the distance that we haven’t seen before.

--- ---

“N~? There seems to be some kind of plant over there~”

“”You are right!””

From a distance, it looked like a tree, but in the rocky areas we have been through so far, there were hardly any plants. So, we decided to go and take a closer look out of curiosity.

“Is it a normal tree?”

“”Looks like it~””

Sure enough, there were trees growing.

“Oh, it’s bearing fruits~”

“”Tasty ones?””

“Wait a moment.”

The trees were about the same height as me and had many bright red fruits resembling mini tomatoes. At first glance, they looked like Christmas trees.

“Umm…”

Upon closer examination with Appraisal, it turned out that these fruits were… konjac (a type of Japanese jelly made from the konjac) fruit.

“Konnyaku, seriously?! This is unexpected!”

“”Konnyaku?””

“It’s a type of food. It’s used in simmered dishes and oden, for example.”

“”Ohh! Wanna try!””

It’s Tama Konnyaku (rounded shape konjac), huh~ While I am happy about Konnyaku itself… I’ve never seen it in red before~

“… I wish it was white if possible~”

“”White?””

“Yeah. The ones I know are usually white or black, or even grayish.”

The red color was just too unusual; it would have been better if it were in a color I am more familiar with.

“I wonder if there are other colors~?”

“”Should we look?””

(Oh, yeah, that’s a good point. This Konjac fruit? There might be fruits of different colors too, no?)

“Items from the dungeons sometimes come in different colors~ It might be worth looking around?”

“”Let’s look~””

And so, they decided to search for Konjac fruits of different colors.

“I found some white ones here~”

“Black ones over there~”

(Oniichan, there are yellow ones over here~)

(Blue~)

(Niichan, there are also gray and green ones~)

Then, the kids found fruits of various colors one after another, and in large quantities.

(Niisama, we found a lot, didn’t we?)

(Such a great variety.)

(And there’s so many of them!)

“No kidding. I never expected there would be so many.”

I thought it would be great to have white and black ones, but I never imagined finding such a colorful variety. Actually, they were quite easy to find, but in Gista, these fruits were not sold, probably because they’re mostly flavorless despite being called fruits.

“Well then, let’s get right to it, I want to try cooking with Konjac fruits right away, so how about we finish this floor and cook at the teleportation device?”

“”Good! Let’s do that!””

(I’m in favor too since I want to taste it!)

(Fufu, I’m looking forward to it. Well then, let’s move on quickly.)

(I’m excited too. Oh, I’ll go for a little reconnaissance from above.)

(Ya~y! I’m looking forward to Niichan’s cooking~”

“Takumi Nii, let’s hurry up!)

(Meal, so excited~)

Everyone agreed to my proposal, and we quickly conquered the seventh floor.

“Well then, everyone, let’s take a break.”

“”What about helping~?””

“It’s okay. I’ll ask for your help next time.”

“”Okay~””

Once we arrived at the teleportation device area, I immediately started cooking.

“First, let’s prepare these.”

Konjac fruits didn’t have any peels or anything, and they were growing just as they were, so I started by rinsing them with magic. Next, I added salt to the konjac and lightly kneaded it. After letting it sit for a while, I boiled it in boiling water for a few minutes and drained it.

Since this konjac seemed different from what I knew, I might not have needed to prep it, but it wouldn’t hurt to do it just in case.

Once the prep was done, it was time to cook. However, I didn’t know much about konjac dishes~ Therefore, I decided to make a sweet and spicy stir-fry with soy sauce, sugar, sake, and red pepper.

For the children, I decided to make a milder version, so the one for me had a slightly spicier kick.

“Still, It’s so colorful~”

The Konjac was made by mixing all the colors, but it turned out to be interesting to look at. As for the finished product, I used the white Konjac as a guide, so I am sure it will be fine.

As for the side dishes, I went with rice and miso soup… and Orc miso-grilled——with pickled Chinese cabbage.

“Springy~♪”

(Konjac fruits have an interesting texture, don’t they?)

Everyone seemed to enjoy the texture of the Konjac, so the next day, we returned to the seventh floor to search for Konjac fruits once again.




Chapter 427

We went to gather Konjac fruit until we were satisfied and then headed to the eighth floor.

“This floor is said to have high-quality minerals… What should we do?”

“”Dig~””

“Yeah~”

The children’s response was so quick that it seemed pointless to ask.

“I think I’ll do some mining here too.”

“”Ohh~ let’s do it, let’s do it!””

On this floor, even an ordinary person could dig up quite a bit, so I decided to join in the mining.

“Oh, this floor is popular for mining, so let’s assume there are other adventurers around and act accordingly. So, Joule and the others, stay within my sight, just in case!”

((((((Okay~))))))

We need to act under the assumption that there are other adventurers here for mining. It would be a problem if Joule and the others encountered adventurers in a place where I wasn’t present and were mistaken for dungeon monsters and attacked.

Well, I believe Joule and the others wouldn’t lose easily, but it would be a major issue if they ended up attacking someone. It’s better to be cautious.

“Well then, Allen, Elena, please lead us to a promising spot.”

“”Leave it to us!””

Guided by Allen and Elena, we started mining, but…

“It’s coming out so easily~”

“”Is spilling out~””

While there was a lot of iron and rock salt, the term “spilling out” was truly fitting because a massive amount of mining products was being excavated.

“”Ah!””

“What’s wrong?”

“”Found something sparkling~!””

“Sparkling?”

“”This thingy~ What is it~?””

“Uwah, is this gold!?”

What Allen and Elena brought were large grains of gold.

“”Gold? Gemstones?””

“Not gemstones, but precious metal. It’s used for jewelry and such.”

“”Will find lots!””

Knowing that gold could be used for something, Allen and Elena were eager to collect it.

“Do you want to use all this gold for something?”

“”As souvenirs!””

“… Ah, yeah, of course.”

The Ruven family’s souvenirs, huh? Well, gold is something that can be used by anyone, so whether they’ll accept it or not, it can be a suitable souvenir.

“I hope you find a lot~”

“”Will do our best!””

Since the kids seemed likely to find a lot without trying too hard, I left them to it and continued to mine at my own pace.

“Well then, we should stop around here~——Allen, Elena, are you satisfied yet?”

“”Just a bit more~ This is the last one~””

Allen and Elena seemed to be in the midst of excavating something, and they seemed determined to dig it out.

“What are you digging for?”

“”Amber–!””

“Amber… like the gem!”

Peering at where the kids were digging, they were carefully extracting a rather large piece of amber.

Moreover, it had insects inside.

They had found nicely preserved insects in amber before, but this time, there was a beautiful butterfly-like insect inside. It’s not common for insects to be so beautifully preserved, especially right at the center of the stone~

Oh, speaking of which, the amber with the bees inside is still stored away in my Infinite Storage, isn’t it? Noble ladies… they wouldn’t use something with insects in it, even if it’s a gemstone… right?

“Finding insects in amber again, what are the odds?”

“”There were ones without bugs too, you know~?””

“Huh?”

“”Look~””

“Whoah~…”

The kids had somehow managed to mine several pieces of amber. There were ambers without impurities, ones with leaf-like things inside, and others with air bubbles.

(Ah, Oniichan, this is what I found.)

(Niisama, I found these.)

(I found some too.)

(I got materials from monsters!)

(Takumi Nii, I’m sorry! I only got a few!)

(Radian found some too!)

Joule and the others handed over their loot one by one. In no time, a small mountain of mining products and monster materials had formed at my feet.

--- ---

“Well, it’s become quite a pile~”

(This floor is amazing. Something always comes out from where you dig.)

(That’s right. A surprising amount has come out~)

Overall, there seemed to be a lot of iron, but various gemstones were scattered among the rock salt.

“Alright, shall we move on?”

“”((((((Yeah~))))))””

Satisfied with our mining, we quickly conquered the eighth floor, then the ninth, and finally stepped into the tenth floor.

“What about mining on this floor?”

“”Won’t do~””

“Eh?”

Allen and Elena had been mining on each floor so far, but it seemed they had no intention of mining on this floor.

“You won’t?”

“”Won’t~””

“Well, I guess that’s okay too~”

“”Let’s go quickly~””

It seemed they planned to quickly and efficiently conquer this floor as well.

“”Over there~!””

And they were in a hurry.

“Next, that way~”

“Next, this way~”

“”Straight ahead~””

Even if they encountered monsters, they would defeat them while running, and the ones behind would pick up the loot, then toss it to me, who was at the rear… It was like a sudden dungeon marathon, something we had done in a certain dungeon before. As a result, we quickly found the Boss room on the tenth floor.

“”Arrived~!””

(As expected of Allen and Elena. They found the Boss room without losing their way~)

(Is that amazing?)

(It’s really amazing!)

(Wow~ Allen Onii~chan and Elena Onee~chan, you’re so amazing!)

“”Ehehe~””

When Joule conveyed how amazing Allen and Elena were to Radian, Radian excitedly spun around the two.

Praise from Radiant made Allen and Elena happy, but they smiled somewhat shyly.

(They’re being bashful, aren’t they~)

“They sure are~”

(Embarrassed, indeed.)

“Muu! Oniichan, give us snacks!””

While I was happily watching the children’s reactions with Feat and Bolt, Allen and Elena somewhat angrily demanded snacks. A way to hide their embarrassment, perhaps?

“Okay, okay. What do you want?”

“”Dorayaki!””

“Got it. Here you go.”

Allen and Elena, took the dorayaki from me somewhat angrily, but considering they let Radian have the first bite, it was probably still a way to hide their embarrassment.

However, I thought if I laughed here, they would definitely sulk, so I had to hold back.

“”Ready for battle!””

(Rea~dy.)

After taking a break with snacks, we finally entered the Boss room.

“Is that… a Metal Raccoon?”

As usual, as soon as the door closed, light emitted, and when the light subsided, the Boss monster appeared. It was a Metal Raccoon, a creature about two meters tall with tough fur that easily repelled bladed weapons, resembling a raccoon or a tanuki.

“Allen wants to do it!”

“Elena will defeat it~”

“They seem quite motivated~ Is that okay with everyone…—”

(((((Sure thing~)))))

As I was about to say it was okay if Joule and the others had no objections, they interrupted me and agreed. Ah, except for Radian… yeah. Radian tilted his head as if saying, “What~?”

“Well, it is still too early for Radian to fight this Boss… Allen, Elena, go for it. Be careful not to get hurt.”

“”Yay~ we are off~””

Despite being the Boss, Allen and Elena easily defeated the Metal Raccoon, and we completed the conquest of the tenth floor in less than a day.




Chapter 428

“”So warm!””

“Yeah, it’s a bit too warm~”

After conquering the eighth, ninth, and tenth floors in a single day, we took a slightly longer nap before heading to the eleventh floor. I thought it would be nice to return to the town since it’s a nice round number, but everyone was strongly against it, so we decided to continue conquering.

The eleventh floor seemed to be a bit warmer than the odd-numbered floors we’ve been through so far. We were informed that it was about the same, but it seems a little different. We’ll have to make sure not to forget to take breaks for hydration frequently.

(Uwah~ It’s so hot here~)

(Yeah.)

(So hot~)

Joule, Feat, and Radian seemed to be struggling a bit.

“Are you guys okay? What should we do? How about you stay in my shadow?”

(N~ I think we’re still fine here. If it gets any hotter, we’ll obediently retreat to the shadow~)

(Yeah, we can endure a bit longer.)

(… Muu~)

Joule and Feat didn’t seem inclined to go back yet, but Radian seemed unsure.

“Radian, you don’t have to push yourself.”

(… Stay with everyone~)

It seems he didn’t want to be the only one to retreat into the shadow.

“Joule, can you create small ice crystals with your ice magic?”

(Small ones? They’ll melt right away, you know?)

“It’s okay if they melt. Ideally, something like shaved ice. Or can you make it snow, even lightly, with your magic?”

I can use various types of magic, but unfortunately, I can’t use ice magic. So, I’m asking Joule. However, I’m not sure if he can create snow that falls lightly with his magic.

(Ah, I see! That sounds refreshing. Snow, huh~ Blizzards are a no-go, though. I’ve experienced a fierce blizzard before.)

“I must say, let’s not do fierce blizzards.”

(Hahaha~)

… I feel like we would freeze before we could enjoy the coolness.

(Um… ah! There’s a good spell! --Ice Mist.)

Joule, who had been thinking for a moment, seemed to come up with something and used magic, causing powdery snow to dance around.

(Oh, it’s working well. Originally, it’s a magic that blinds the opponent’s vision, but when I weakened it, it turned out to be just right for cooling off.)

“Oh, this is great! You’re amazing, Joule!”

In reality, it would have caused snow to fall so heavily that the surroundings would be completely obscured, but thanks to Joule’s adjustment, it became pleasantly cool.

“”Oh, it’s beautiful~””

(It’s cooler now~ Joule Onii~chan, awesome~)

(You’re welcome. But, even if I say so myself, this is pretty good. From now on, let’s use it occasionally to cool off.)

(Yes, let’s do that. Please take care of us, Joule.)

With a means to cool off in hand, we continued on briskly.

“”Oniicha~n, we found a treasure chest over there~””

(Over there~)

It seems there was a treasure chest. Allen, Elena, and Radian were happily shouting.

“I’ll check for traps, so don’t open it just yet, okay?”

“”(Okay~)””

Once I confirmed that the treasure chest was safe, the children immediately opened it.

““(N~? What’s this~?)””

“Let me see? Is this… a kinchaku for rings or something?”

The contents of the treasure chest was nothing more than a small pouch that could barely hold a single coin.

(What’s a kinchaku?)

(Isn’t it more like a pouch in shape?)

(It’s small, isn’t it?)

(There’s nothing that can fit in here, right?)

(Could it even hold a single gem?)

Joule and the others also gathered around, peering into the treasure chest and pondering the use of the pouch.

--- ---

“Huh!? Oh!”

(Oniichan, what’s wrong?)

“This is a Magic Bag!”

(Oh my! There are even Magic Bags small like this?)

“That’s right. Rather, it doesn’t even have the shape of a bag.”

Upon closer examination with Appraisal, it turned out that the tiny pouch was indeed a Magic Bag. It had a capacity comparable to a small room, and there seemed to be no time delay.

“Too bad. The functionality isn’t that great~”

(So it doesn’t hold much?)

“It’s about the size of a small room. But there’s no time delay.”

(I see~ So, it’s not that easy to come across high-quality magic bags or magic rings~)

“That seems to be the case. Oh, but… I wonder if this size is just right for Mile to carry?—Mile, I can attach a strap if you want to carry it. What do you think?”

While the functionality isn’t great, with a bit of adjustment like adding a strap, wouldn’t it turn into a pochette suitable for Mile? Since Mile is small and carrying things can be tough for her, this might make it easier.

(Is it okay? In that case, I’ll take it!)

“Of course, it’s okay. Give me a moment.”

There aren’t many options, but I believe there were several types of straps in my Infinite Storage. Oh, a ribbon might work too.

“Mile, which one do you like?”

(Well, the magic bag is brown, so… this one would be nice!)

“Got it. Now, about the length… How about this?”

I promptly sewed the beige strap that Mile chose onto the magic bag. This is something I can handle. Having a complete set of sewing tools sure came in handy~

“How does it look like this?”

(It looks great! Thank you, Takumi Nii!)

Mile happily put the flute she had been wearing around her neck into the magic bag.

“Food and perishables won’t work since they can spoil, but I’ll make sure you carry everything else that is necessary. Oh, right! I haven’t given anything to Bolt, either!”

Convenience of transportation! I had forgotten to give Bolt the essential items for daily life and emergency tools. Towels, leather bags, baskets, empty bottles, and knives, though I’m not sure if they’ll be useful. Magic tools like water flasks, glow balls, smoke bombs, and fire stones are necessary. Let’s also prepare some long-lasting medicine just in case. Bolt and Mile can use the mermaid bracelets themselves too, and it wouldn’t hurt to have some money in case of emergencies.

… Just thinking about it, there are quite a few items to prepare~

“We can’t start organizing the luggage here, though… —Alright! Everyone, let’s conquer the eleventh floor quickly!”

“”((((((Yes!))))))””

As per my request, we swiftly conquered the eleventh floor, and then we all brainstormed and organized our belongings.

◇ ◇ ◇

We conquered the twelfth floor rather swiftly and arrived at the thirteenth floor.

“”We caught up~””

“Huh? You caught up…? Wait, you mean with Sieg-san’s group?”

“”Yeah!””

It seemed that Allen and Elena had been chasing after Sieg-san’s “Ice Blade” party. No wonder they were advancing through the floors so quickly.

“… I was just thinking you guys were in the mood to go quick.”

Exploring one floor thoroughly and finding the next one as fast as possible were two different approaches, and the children’s actions varied depending on the circumstances. Right now, I thought they were in a “quick” mood.

“Do you guys want to conquer it together?”

“”Yeah! Let’s go together~””

“I see. But I think Sieg-san’s group is probably somewhere on this floor by now… Will you be able to find them?”

“”Will find them~””

With great enthusiasm, Allen and Elena started walking… They’ll probably find them, I guess~

“”There!””

“Wow~ you really found them~…”

And during our exploration of the thirteenth floor, Allen and Elena discovered the “Ice Blade” party. Even faster than I had anticipated.

“””””Eh!?”””””

The members of Sieg-san’s group who were called out to had their mouths wide open in surprise, seemingly frozen in shock.




Chapter 429

“Haahhh~!? No, no, no, wait a minute! Why are you here!?”

“”We conquered~””

“Yeah, that’s right. You have to conquer floors to get to this place, right!? Wait, that’s not the point! No way!? What kind of trickery did you use!?”

“Trickery~?”

“What’s that~?”

Zeke-san, who was approached by us, was currently in a state of great confusion.

“Oniichan, what’s a trickery?””

“Well, trickery in this context is… a method or a technique that isn’t commonly known, something unusual, I guess?”

Explaining what trickery is in this context is surprisingly difficult. Is this explanation okay?

“”Then, trickery is wrong~!””

“Ah, yeah… I guess so~?”

Simply being extremely fast and not using shortcuts like secret passages, I guess our actions can’t be called trickery?”

“Zeke-san, Warren-san, could there be a substance with hallucinogenic effects around here?”

“I don’t think there’s anything like that.”

“Yeah, nothing like that.”

“No, no, no, please don’t hallucinate. We’re the real deal, you know.”

“”The real deal~””

Waldo-san was looking around nervously and urging Zeke-san and Warren-san. Was he looking for suspicious plants or something like that? In any case, I don’t want us to be dismissed as a hallucination~

“I can’t believe it… but it’s a fact that Takumi and the kids are here~ It’s definitely weird, though!”

“Yeah, you’re right. We knew they were extraordinary, not your average folks, when we talked about it in town, but it seems they’re even more extraordinary than we thought.”

“Warren, Takumi’s extraordinariness is truly abnormal and absurd, but don’t analyze it so calmly at a time like this.”

“Zeke, it’s precisely at times like this that we must stay calm.”

“……”

I’m debating whether I should interject into Zeke-san and Warren-san’s conversation. Once again, what they’re saying is quite harsh to my ears.

“Do you have to say that right in front of the person!?”

“Is it the truth, though?”

“Even if it’s the truth!”

The word “extraordinary” is something I’ve heard from quite a few people, and it’s not that I don’t care about it. I just wish they’d keep it to themselves rather than saying it out loud.

“”Oniichan, are you being bullied~?'”

“No… I’m not being bullied… right? I’m not, right?—Uh, Zeke, Warren, are you deliberately teasing me?”

“”Haha!””

Zeke-san and Warren-san burst into laughter. It seems I was being teased.

“That’s harsh~”

“Sorry, sorry. Your reaction like ‘Oh, not again~’ was just so amusing.”

“But, it seems you are being called ‘extraordinary’ to the point of annoyance.”

“”Often called that~””

Allen and Elena replied with smiles. Well, the word “extraordinary” just means not fitting within certain standards or frames, and it’s not necessarily meant as an insult… so maybe it’s okay to take it with a smile?

“Allen and Elena wanted to join forces with you guys for the dungeon capture. Having said that, let’s go together. Come on, let’s keep going!”

“”Let’s go, let’s go!””

“Allen, Elena, which way?”

“”That way~!””

“All right, everyone, let’s go~!”

At this point, I decided to take the lead and encouraged Zeke-san and the others to move forward.

“”Found it~!””

“N? What did you find?”

“We found~”

“The staircase~”

“””””Huh!?”””””

And as we walked in the direction the children were pointing for a while, we found the staircase leading to the fourteenth floor.

“No way! Is this for real!?”

“… There’s no doubt this is the staircase.”

“Can something like this be found so easily!?”

“Uwah~ we’ve already conquered the thirteenth floor~”

“Impressive, isn’t it?”

Zeke-san and the others were in awe as they gazed at the staircase.

“Well then, how about we rest at the teleportation device area and conquer the fourteenth floor tomorrow?”

“Uh, yeah…”

In reality, it might be the time for Zeke-san and the others to return to town, but taking advantage of their bewilderment, I got their consent to move forward.

“Allen, Elena, that’s great. They will go with us tomorrow, too.”

“”Ya~y.””

(Allen and Elena seem overjoyed~ Still, since we are working with others, you need to be careful, okay~?)

(That’s right. It’s important to have the experience of working with different people, not just with our own group.)

(Being with different people can make you notice things you wouldn’t have with just your family.)

(Ugh~ I want to go wild~)

(Vector, stay obedient for now!)

(Krrr~?)

Joule and the others were also staying with us without hiding, but they were behaving quietly for the sake of the children’s experience of working with others.

“I never thought something like this could happen…”

“”””……””””

--- ---

The next day, we easily conquered the fourteenth floor in just one day. Zeke-san and the others have been speechless all along… I’m worried they might get dehydrated because their mouths have been open for so long due to the heat, but when I make sure the children are hydrated, I see that Zeke-san and the others are also drinking water, so they should be okay.

“”Doing our best~””

And the following day, we headed to the fifteenth floor.

“”Muu~””

As soon as we entered the fifteenth floor, Allen and Elena suddenly frowned and put on unhappy expressions.

“Allen, Elena, what’s wrong?”

“”Smells of alcohol~””

“Huh, really? Oh, you’re right. It’s very faint.”

It was such a faint scent that I wouldn’t have noticed if Allen and Elena hadn’t mentioned it.

“We can’t tell at all.”

It seems Zeke-san and the others couldn’t sense it, and they all tilted their heads.

“Is it this way?”

“”Yeah, that way~… are we going?””

“I’d like to if possible. Is that okay?”

“”… I guess it can’t be helped~””

“Fufu, thanks.”

The children might not like it, but we decided to go check it out in case there might be some new alcohol.

“Oh, I can smell it from here.”

As we walked along the rocky hill with the entrance to the fifteenth floor, we arrived at a place where the smell was quite distinct.

“Is it inside the rock?”

“”A hidden room~?””

“Break the wall~?”

“Or dig a hole~?”

“… Let’s investigate first.”

Since we’ve broken doors to hidden rooms a few times in the past, the children immediately suggested destruction from the start. I did stop them, though.

“”Ah!””

As Allen and Elena tapped on the rocky surface, a certain spot dented. Then, with a loud noise, the rock moved, creating a hole large enough for a person to pass through.

“”Ohh~””

“A hidden mechanism? Amazing.”

“”Amazing, but don’t like~””

“N? Oh, the scent of alcohol has gotten stronger. I’ll go check it out for a moment, so wait here with Joule and the others.”

“”Hurry back~””

“Got it. — Zeke-san, are you coming?”

“Oh, yeah. No, wait a moment.”

Since it seemed like the inside of the hole would be filled with the smell of alcohol, I decided to have the children wait here. When I tried to enter with all of Zeke-san’s group, Zeke-san himself stopped me and arranged for Waldo-san and Nick-kun to stay back with the children.

“There, there it is. That’s it.”

Inside, there was a hollow space big enough for the four of us, and in the center of the hollow, there was a statue of a woman holding a water jug. Transparent water was flowing from the bottle the woman was holding.

“Is that booze flowing from the jug? The scent is definitely that of alcohol… It would be best to take it back and have it examined.”

“Indeed. That’s the sure way to go.”

“Oh, I’ll examine it with my Appraisal.”

I see. Even with such a strong smell of alcohol, it’s not as simple as saying, “I found alcohol!” It seems the usual procedure is to collect a sample of the liquid that won’t be a burden to carry, take it back for examination, and then proceed with collecting it once it’s determined safe. There’s also the possibility of it being poison disguised as alcohol, after all. Well, when it’s something I don’t know, I always start by examining it with Appraisal. It’s the natural thing to do.

“This is… a type of liquor classified as vodka. It has a pretty high alcohol content.”

“Vodka! I’ve never heard of a liquor like that!”

Ah, so it’s a type of alcohol that isn’t commonly found over here. I’ve hardly ever had this kind of alcohol myself, but I was familiar with the name, so it’s good I appraised it before I said something foolish~

“If it’s a new kind of alcohol, we can sell it at a high price. Plus, since we’re the only ones on this floor for a while, we can pretty much monopolize it!”

Whether we disclose this information or not, for now, it’s just the ‘Ice Blade’ party and us who can access this floor, so as Osca-san said, it’s practically a monopoly situation for us.

Moreover, it’s right near the entrance of the fifteenth floor, so coming to fetch it will be very easy. It should be a very good source of income.




Chapter 430

“”Over here~””

For now, I scooped up vodka in large quantities, while Sieg-san and the others took only what wouldn’t burden them, and then we returned to the fifteenth floor’s conquest, led by Allen and Elena.

“Oh, Sieg-san, about the place where we got the alcohol earlier, the Ice Blade party can do whatever you want with it. Whether you keep it secret and monopolize it for profit or freely spread the information about the location, it’s all up to you. Oh, but for now, there’s no one else besides us who can come to this floor, so there might not be any point in disclosing the information, right?”

“””””Huh!?”””””

While walking, I explained how to treat the hidden room we had just found. For some reason, Sieg-san and the others widened their eyes and looked surprised.

“Nonono! Takumi… what are you saying?”

“Huh? Well, because we’re not going to be in this dungeon forever, right? It’s best to do it the way that suits you guys. Oh, but please let us have the right to come occasionally to get some alcohol.”

I’m fine with just being able to come and get vodka whenever I want. However, I don’t drink vodka much, so I don’t think it will be used up quickly. Oh, but I wonder if Tristan-sama, Lionel-sama, and Wald-san, for example, will drink? And also, Kaiser seems to like alcohol, so maybe the consumption will be moderate?

“Nonono? That won’t do!”

“What won’t? Is it because I want to come and get some?”

“That’s not it! It’s about what you said before! The part where you said we can do as we like!”

“Oh, that part? Is it not allowed? Even though I’m saying it’s okay?”

“Yeah, it’s not allowed.”

Well, I expected this kind of reaction. …I had some hopes that the response might end with, “Is that okay? Thanks a lot!” though, but it seems that’s not the case.

“Then, could you arrange to send vodka to the Count Ruven’s house in the Royal Capital at regular intervals? I’ll pay for the service and delivery fees.”

“That’s normally something you would ask us to cover! Why would you be covering it!? And did you say the Count’s house!? Were you guys nobles!?”

“No, we’re different. The Ruven family is our supporter… Oh, in that case, it might be a good idea to send some to the Risner family as well. Please arrange deliveries to the Count Risner’s house in the town of Bailey too!”

“… Takumi, that’s just too much information.”

Sieg-san and the others, despite their exhausted expressions, eventually agreed to handle the arrangements for delivering the vodka they had collected to the Ruven and Risner families.

“While we appreciate the opportunity to earn money, we’ll make sure to arrange the deliveries properly.”

“Thank you.”

At the very least, they agreed to send five barrels to the Ruven family and two barrels to the Risner family every month. The number of barrels and the frequency of deliveries were set as the minimum standard, but it could vary depending on Sieg-san and the others’ circumstances. After returning to town, they would show the vodka to the Adventurers’ Guild and figure out how to handle it, including setting the selling price, which hadn’t been determined yet.

For now, all I had to do was inform the two houses regularly that the alcohol would be delivered. Oh, and Lionel-sama might want to get involved in the selling aspect, so I should send a letter to the castle.

The teleportation magic tool is proving useful already.

“”Found it~””

“Uwah! Sieg-san, that’s the boss room door.”

While discussing various matters, it seemed that Allen and Elena had found the boss room on the fifteenth floor.

“You found it already!?”

“Well, it’s not ‘already’ considering the distance we’ve walked. It’s more accurate to say we arrived here in a straight line.”

“Aren’t you too efficient!?”

“Hahaha~ so what do we do? Do we go in like this?”

The battles along the way had been mostly handled by Allen, Elena, Joule and others… or rather, they had been snatched, so Sieg-san and the others weren’t too fatigued. Therefore, we decided to take only a short break before entering the boss room.

“”It’s a turtle~””

“… This fella, huh~”

“A tough one that.”

The boss on the fifteenth floor was a B-rank Heat Archelon, a turtle-like creature about three to four meters in size.

Sieg-san had a weary expression. Since it was a turtle monster, it was probably quite tough.

“! The steam’s coming!”

“Getting grazed is bad too! Keep your distance!”

As if launching a preemptive attack, the Heat Archelon sprayed steam from a hole in its shell.

It was probably over a hundred degrees.

“Allen, Elena, are you okay?”

“We fine~”

“Dodged it~”

The children seemed to have listened carefully to Sieg-san and Warren-san’s warnings and managed to avoid the steam.

“”But you know, Vector is~””

“Vector?”

(Oniichan, Vector is over there, completely covered in the steam~)

“Haah~!?”

Surprised by Joule, who finished Allen and Elena’s sentence, I quickly looked for Vector’s figure.

And there, Vector was enjoying himself near the Heat Archelon.

“… Oi, Vector. Are you okay?”

(Yeah, it feels really good~)

“……”

I see. Vector’s fur not only didn’t let sharp objects pass through, but also seemed to be resistant to heat.

… It seems worrying was pointless.

--- ---

“Um… What’s the plan?”

“Well, about that… Do you think your group can handle it on your own? If so, can we just watch? We’ll come up with a strategy and challenge it again next time. Of course, we don’t need the loot, so please.”

“If Sieg-san and the others are okay with that, then we… I mean, who’s going to go?”

Sieg-san and the others seemed to want to fight with their own strength. Since they offered to watch, we decided to take on the battle ourselves.

(It looks tough, so magic rather than physical attacks, right~? And maybe water and ice attacks instead of fire? So Oniichan, can I, Allen, and Elena go?)

“”Will work hard~””

(Ehh~)

Vector was the only one opposing it, but Joule’s argument seemed correct, so we entrusted the children and Joule with the task.

(Allen, Elena, let’s finish it off quickly!)

“”Yeah~! —Water Jet.”

(Freeze.)

Allen and Elena released a stream of water towards the Heat Archelon, and then Joule followed with an ice magic. As a result, the Heat Archelon covered in water froze solid.

(How’s that?)

“”How’s that?””

However, cracks started to appear in the ice around the Heat Archelon. And eventually, the ice shattered completely.

(Oh, it’s surprisingly tough, huh~)

“”But is it weakened?””

(Yeah, it seems like our attacks are working, so can we freeze it solid if we do it one more time?)

“”Let’s do it! —Water Jet.””

(Freeze.)

Since the Heat Archelon had clearly weakened after breaking free from the ice, Allen, Elena, and Joule used the same method once more.

(Does it look okay this time?)

“”Defeated~””

(We defeated it, but… it didn’t drop any items, did it? Why is that? Is it still alive?)

“”Huh~?””

The ice sculpture of the Heat Archeon was completed without any issues.

However, for some reason, the Heat Archeon, which should have been defeated, disappeared and didn’t drop any loot… Could it be that they didn’t defeat it completely? Is it still alive within the ice?

“Whoa! Could this be a Gift From the Dungeon!”

“A gift from the dungeon? What’s that…”

“I don’t know why, but occasionally, instead of dropping items like this, the remains are left behind. People call these ‘Gifts From the Dungeon.'”

“I see, I didn’t know that could happen.”

Oh, so they call it a “Gift From the Dungeon” when items don’t drop~

Does it mean the dungeon encountered an error? Or is it some sort of reward?

Anyway, it seems that the frozen Heat Archeon is not alive within the ice, and its entire body is considered loot.

“Let’s see.”

“”Is gone~””

I tried putting it in the Infinite Storage, and it went in normally. Since it went into the Infinite Storage, which can’t hold living creatures, it’s safe to say the kids did defeat it.

“It seems to be properly dead. Allen, Elena, Joule, well done.”

(I’m glad. I had no idea such things could happen in a dungeon~)

“”Didn’t know either~””

“Yeah. It’s a good thing we found out when Sieg-san’s group were with us.”

Dungeons are mysterious places in the first place, and having one more mystery doesn’t change much, but if it had been just us, it would have been even more confusing. So, it’s really fortunate that we found out at just the right time.

“Well then, shall we just check out the sixteenth floor and then return to the town?”

“Yeah, that sounds like a plan.”

We decided to only check out the sixteenth floor and return to the town , as we couldn’t push Sieg-san and the others any further.

“Uwah~ it’s so hot in here.”

As soon as we entered the sixteenth floor, Oscar-san uttered with displeasure.

The temperature had risen even further, making it seem like conquering this floor would be even more challenging.

“Hmm, Allen, Elena, how about we wrap up this dungeon?”

“”Ehh~ ending?””

“Yeah, we can endure it to some extent, but everyone seems to be struggling. We won’t stop going into dungeons altogether, so let’s try another advanced dungeon instead.”

“”Ugh~… okay~””

Since the kids agreed, we decided to stop the capture of the “Dungeon of Scorching Heat” on the fifteenth floor and leave the rest to Sieg-san and his team. They seemed to plan on exploring the thirteenth to fifteenth floors for a while, so the conquest would halt at the fifteenth floor. Well, considering that there’s no information available beyond this point and the uncertainty regarding the vodka situation, it’s a reasonable decision.

“Takumi, if anything happens, contact us immediately. We’ll lend our assistance.”

“Hahaha~ thanks in advance for that.”

Feeling like we might get caught up in trouble, we decided to stay away from the Adventurers’ Guild.

So when we returned to the town, we bid farewell to Sieg-san and his team and headed to our inn.




Chapter 431

(Takumi~? Can you hear me~?)

“Oh, Kaiser?”

“”Kaiser!””

As we finished conquering the Dungeon of Scorching Heat and were resting in the town of Gista, we received a telepathic message from Kaiser. Upon realizing that Kaiser had contacted me from my response, Allen and Elena showed excited expressions.

(Kaiser, I can hear you. Could it be that you’d like to meet up?)

(Umu, I’ve finished my immediate business, so I’d like to meet up for sure.)

(I see. Well, we’re currently at an inn in a certain town~ If we summon you here… will there be any light or something?)

(Ah~… I wonder about that?)

Summoning was different from calling forth a contracted beast from within the shadow, so I had a hunch that there might be some light emitted or something similar.

“… Now then, what should we do?”

“”Go to the sea~!””

“N? You want to go to the sea?”

“”Yeah, wanna go! And wanna show to Radian, too!””

“I see.”

As I pondered what to do, Allen and Elena expressed their desire to go to the sea. While they hadn’t been to the sea for a while, it seemed they wanted to show it to Radian too.

(Kaiser, can you wait until tomorrow morning? We’re leaving the town in the morning, so we can meet up then, okay?)

(Umu, I can wait until that time. I’ll be prepared and waiting, so give me a call.)

(Alright, see you tomorrow then.)

And so, the next morning, we left Gista, riding on the backs of Joule and Feat, heading straight south toward the sea. Once we reached a secluded spot, I called Kaiser and attempted the summoning.

“Ohh~ Takumi, it worked.”

We were able to successfully summon Kaiser in humanoid form. However…

“… Yesterday, it was a good call not to try this in the middle of the town.”

(It produced quite a flashy light, didn’t it?)

As Joule pointed out, it did emit a substantial amount of light. Moreover, it was that bright even in broad daylight, so if we had tried it in our inn’s room in the evening… it would have surely caused a commotion.

“I’m glad we know that now.”

We had planned to go to the sea and interact with Kaiser there, but we wanted to try summoning to see how it was done. It was a good decision to try it out.

“Kids, just as promised, I’ve prepared a souvenir for you.”

“”Dragon!?””

“Huh!?”

“Umu, a Blue Dragon. I just obtained it yesterday, so I’m sure the freshness is not an issue.”

As I stood in shock, Kaiser took out the corpse of a Blue Dragon. It was a snake-like dragon with blue scales, appearing to be around twenty meters long. It was roughly the size of the Evil Viper, or perhaps slightly larger.

“”((((((Wow~!))))))””

Even though this one was supposed to be a… lowly individual among dragons, I didn’t think he’d really hunt a dragon as a souvenir.

“”Kaiser, thank you!””

“Umu, umu, this much is no problem.”

Kaiser, while puffing out his chest in response to the children’s gratitude, seemed a little bashful.

--- ---

“Still… it’s quite fresh, isn’t it? Feels like it was just defeated.”

“Umu, it’s probably because of this.”

“That! Kaiser, that must be a Magic Ring, right?”

“Indeed. I found it when I searched the lair. This one seemed to be the most functional, and it slowed down time considerably. With this, I can bring back some of Takumi’s cooking when I return!”

Finding a Magic Ring hidden in the Dragon’s lair is quite extraordinary. And the fact that he could bring back my cooking with it was both a reason for joy and a source of bewilderment for me.

“I brought various other good things as well.”

Kaiser took out jewelry and gems from the Magic Ring and scattered them on the ground.

“Whoa~ are these all magic accessories?”

“I brought items that seemed to have good functionality, so feel free to use them.”

“Huh?”

“It’s a souvenir for you, Takumi.”

“N?”

“The dragon is a gift for the kids, and these are for you, Takumi.”

“What!?”

Kaiser’s words left me speechless once again.

“No, no, no! These are all really great items, you know!”

“They were just lying around in the lair. Don’t worry about it.”

“I do worry!”

I guess this is how it feels to be on the receiving end of a gift!

(Oniichan, are there any Magic Ring among these?)

“Umu, there is more. They are inferior to the one I’m using, but I think there were two of them. Let’s see… it was this one and this one, I believe.”

(I thought so! Since you said earlier that you were using the one with the best functionality, I suspected there was more. Hey, Kaiser, is it okay for us to use them?)

“Of course, it is.”

The conversation between Kaiser and Joule continued.

Rather, I couldn’t help but be amazed that Kaiser had three Magic Rings! Impressive!

(By the way, how is their functionality?)

“This one can store a considerable amount, but it only slightly slows down time. This one here slows time down about as much as mine, but has a smaller capacity.”

(Oh, that’s still quite a useful function—Oniichan, is it okay if we let Feat and Vector carry these?)

“… Sure. Is it okay with you, Joule?”

(We just have to find another one for me, so it’s fine. Vector can have the one with more capacity, and Feat can have the one that slows down time more, right?)

Joule’s suggestion made Vector ecstatic, and Feat seemed pleased, albeit more reserved. And once again, the conversation naturally progressed.

(Oh, but Vector, make sure to keep the Magic Ring empty all the time. Anything you obtain, like monsters or fruit, give it to Oniichan right away.)

(Yeah! I promise! With this, even if I collect a lot of souvenirs, I can bring them back!)

(If even one spoiled item comes out of your Magic Ring… it’ll be confiscated, okay?)

(I-I got it!)

Joule spoke in a particularly low voice and warned Vector to faithfully keep the promise.

I had hesitated about letting Vector carry the Magic Ring, but I thought it should be fine to try.

“Well… Kaiser, we will gratefully accept the Magic Rings.”

“Not just the Magic Ring but anything else as well, please use them as you see fit. If you don’t take them, I’ll just leave them here.”

“… I’ll gratefully accept them.”

… I was subtly threatened.

I wonder if Wald-san felt this way too~ Wald-san, I’m really sorry.

But I probably won’t change in the future, so I hope you’ll understand~

“Oh, right. Kaiser, this is Radian, a new addition to our family. Radian, this is Kaiser. He’s a member of our family. Right now, he’s in human form, but he’s a dragon called a Leviathan.”

“Oh, a Gryphon child, huh! Takumi, you always bring interesting beings into your family~ I’m Kaiser. If you ever need help, don’t hesitate to ask.”

“Kaiser Onii~chan? Ojii~chan?”

“Mumu? That’s a tricky question! Based on my current appearance, I’d say I’m a little older than Takumi, so ‘Oniichan’ should be fine. But in terms of age, ‘Ojiichan’’ maybe?—Takumi, which one is it?”

“No, no, no! ‘Ojiichan’ is out of the question!—Radian, call him ‘Oniichan’!”

(N? Alright~)

I know the cause! Matthias introduced himself to Radian with “I’m your Ojiichan~”! And similarly, Rebecca addressed herself as “I am your Obaachan~”

… I don’t think there will be many opportunities for Radian to directly talk to middle-aged women, but I’ll make sure Radian doesn’t accidentally call one “Obaachan.”

“… I’m a little tired.”

Despite the day having just begun, I was feeling a bit worn out.




Chapter 432

“Dragon meat.”

“When will we eat it?”

“Huh? N~…”

To eat it, we needed to dismantle it. However, dismantling a Blue Dragon… If we asked the Adventurers’ Guild for help, it would likely cause a commotion. So, do we need to dismantle it ourselves?

“Can I… even dismantle it?”

“”Can’t you?””

“Cleanly and efficiently… might be difficult. But if I just cut off parts, like scales and skin from a certain area and remove the bones, would that work?”

“”Then, let’s do that!””

“Alright, alright. I’ll cut a managable portion we’ll eat and left the dismantling for later.”

I selected a portion small enough to handle and stored the rest of the dragon in the Infinite Storage for dismantling at a later date.

“That’s it for now. We’ll dismantle the rest when it’s time to eat.”

“”Yeah.””

“Well then, Kaiser. You would be basically returning to where you came from, but we were planning to head to the sea.”

I informed Kaiser of our plans.

“If I can accompany you guys, it doesn’t matter where we go. If you’re going to the sea, how about visiting the Blue Waters Shrine? The folks there have been wanting to see you again.”

“The Miko Himesama and others? Come to think of it, we haven’t seen them since leaving Bailey. We haven’t introduced Joule and the others, either. Shall we go?”

“”Let’s go~””

The plan was set in motion, even though we had only decided to go to the sea.

“Alright, let’s go~”

I mounted Joule, while Allen and Elena rode Feat.

Kaiser remained in human form and hopped onto Vector.

(Let’s go~)

“Ohh, you’ve got some strong legs there.”

It was Vector’s first time carrying a passenger on his back, and he eagerly galloped with a speed befitting the word “dash.” What’s more, Kaiser handled the ride with ease and composure.

Once we reached the sea, it was time for a long swim. While Joule and the others had played in shallow waters and lakes before, they had never done a full-fledged long swim. However, with Radian included, they quickly picked up the skill.

“Hello, it’s been a while.”

“”Hello~””

“Oh my! You came, welcome!”

Upon arriving at the underwater mermaid village, the Miko Himesama, the village chief Gard-san, and the mermaid Mirena, whom we had met the first time we were here, warmly welcomed us.

“Thank you for the mermaid bracelets. Thanks to them, my Contracted Beasts could come along today.”

“They are splendid Contracted Beasts~ and your little contract beasts are so adorable~ I’m glad the mermaid bracelets have been useful~ Do you have enough of them? I’ve prepared a few more since just in case, and I can give them to you later.”

“No, no! There are still some left, so we have plenty.”

“Well, you seem to have plans to increase the number of your Contract Beasts, so please take them!”

“Ehh~…”

“Besides, it’s okay to pass them on to your acquaintances, Takumi-sama.”

“That’s very kind of you…”

Predicting an increase in Contracted Beasts… That’s quite a prediction. Oh, but we have plans for a wyvern, so it’s not that of an overstatement?

Well, as for me, I’m happy to have an expanding family.

“Miko Himesama, don’t forget to give them that as well.”

“Oh, right!”

“That?”

“National costume? Can I call it that? We have prepared traditional attire that the Merfolk like for you and the children, Takumi-sama.”

Among the Merfolk, some wore swimsuit-like attire befitting the image of mermaids, while others donned a more traditional robe-like outfits. When she mentioned “national costume,” it was likely referring to those robes.

“Here you go.”

It seemed that Mirena-san promptly brought over the clothing.

Indeed, it was the robe-like attire. But there was also a yukata-like outfit.

“This one is for relaxing at home.”

--- ---

The yukata was probably meant for lounging.

“I had various things made for myself as well. In fact, the attire I’m wearing now was made by the Merfolk.”

“Oh, really?”

“Fufu, we thought our attire would stand out in human towns, so we used Takumi-sama’s clothes as a reference to create them.”

“No wonder it looked similar!”

I had thought it was just a coincidence, but it seemed they had used the clothes I was wearing as a reference.

“”Wana wear!””

“Of course. I’ll help you change. Which one would you like to put on?”

“”Both!””

Mirena-san agreed to assist Allen and Elena with their clothing. First, they decided to try on the traditional robes. Despite the intricate craftsmanship, it seemed like they could easily be slipped on.

“”How is it?””

“Oh, it suits you both~”

(Yeah, yeah, it looks great~)

(It’s different from your usual style, but I think it suits you very well~)

“”Yay~””

The kids didn’t exactly have a traditional Japanese appearance, but they surprisingly looked good in the Japanese attire as well.

“But, maybe it’s better not to walk around town wearing that?”

“”Why~?””

“Because you’d stand out due to its uniqueness.”

It would definitely attract a lot of attention.

“”What about parties?””

“Parties? Oh, for a birthday party or something, it might be fine. But I think we should consult with Rebecca-san first. If we make it more flashy…”

“”Okay~”

“Then, I’ll prepare ceremonial attire for you! It’ll be extra sparkly and elegant!”

“”You will!?””

“Yes, leave it to me.”

“”Thank you!””

It seemed they also had more elaborate ceremonial attire available, and Allen and Elena quickly agreed to have those made.

“Takumi, how does it look?”

“”How?””

“It suits all three of you very well. It looks very comfortable.”

The kids had also tried on the summer kimonos (jinbei), and for some reason, Kaiser had joined in the excitement.

“But… we’re just receiving gifts~”

“You don’t need to worry about that at all. We’re indebted to you in many ways.”

Since our trip to the sea was decided rather suddenly, we hadn’t prepared any souvenirs or gifts.

“But it’s making me somewhat uneasy~ Oh, do you eat fruits?”

“Oh my! We’re delighted.”

“You have fruits we’ve never seen before~””

I took various kinds of fruits out of my Infinite Storage, and the Miko Himesama and Mirena-san seemed quite pleased. Since they didn’t have easy access to fruits, I provided a generous amount.

“Miko Himesama, haven’t you forgotten something important?”

As the conversation settled, Gard-san whispered something to the Miko Himesama. She appeared to have suddenly remembered and looked a bit flustered.

“My, oh my, I completely forgot!”

“What’s the matter?”

“Takumi-sama, there’s something I’d like to request from you.”

“A request? What is it?”

It seemed there was something she wanted to ask me about.

“That… Takumi-sama, could you visit the Cerulean Shrine?”

“The Cerulean Shrine?”

A term I wasn’t familiar with came up.




Chapter 433

“The Cerulean Shrine. It’s a settlement of merfolk who live in a palace made of sea crystals with a slightly different hue from here.”

“Heh, so there are shrines other than the Blue Waters Shrine?”

“Yes, there are several scattered throughout the ocean. However, we do not have interactions with every settlement, so I can’t give you an exact number.”

“Heh~.”

So, there are other merfolk settlements~ It seems that there are other places in addition to the Cerulean Shrine

“So, what’s the matter with the Cerulean Shrine?”

“Well, it’s a very impolite request, but…”

The Shrine Princess seemed very hesitant, her gaze wandering.

“I can refuse if I don’t want to do it, so could you please tell me first?”

“Well, um, we would like you to help with the garbage collection at the Cerulean Shrine!”

“Ehh!?”

The request was unexpectedly about garbage collection.

“Well… you see, the garbage is a problem in every settlement… and, during a conversation with the people from the Cerulean Shrine… that…

“Miko Himesama accidentally mentioned that you had helped us with the collection.”

“Goodness! Gard! I told you to keep that a secret, didn’t I!?”

“The people from the Cerulean Shrine are in regular contact with us, and the idea was brought up to formally request Takumi-sama’s assistance. I’m really sorry for our Miko Himesama.”

“Gard~…”

“Hahaha~”

It seemed the cause of this request was the Miko Himesama’s unintentional revelation. Although she said “unintentional,” it wasn’t as if I had asked her to keep it a secret.

“N? Ah, but even if it’s garbage collection…”

“I think the contents are similar to what’s here.”

I remember that it was mostly things like shells, bones, seaweed, and so on… all of which had some use. And, above all, there were many oversized pearls, which should be rare by nature~

“While I can accept the collection itself…”

“You’re opposed to it, after all?”

“No, it’s not that I’m opposed to it.”

“Oh?”

The things I collected here before are still inside my Infinite Storage at the moment.

So, it would only mean more items gathering dust.

“Let’s see~ I’d like to visit the Cerulean Shrine, so I’ll accept the request.”

“Oh my! Really!?”

This Blue Waters Shrine made of sea crystals is beautiful, and the idea of a shrine with a different color is intriguing.

“Yes.—Is everyone okay with that?”

“”((((((Yeah.))))))””

“Umu. If we can go together, I’m fine with anywhere.”

It seems I have made the decision on my own, but since everyone agreed, I decided to go to the Cerulean Shrine.

◇ ◇ ◇

“Please come visit us again.”

“”Yeah, see you again~””

“Thank you for everything.”

After staying overnight at the Blue Waters Shrine, we decided to head to the Cerulean Shrine the next day.

Moreover, by that time, the ceremonial clothes were ready and were handed to us along with the mermaid bracelets.

(Alright, let’s go.)

“Ah, yeah, please. But go safely please.”

We decided to ride on Kaiser’s back as he transformed back into a dragon.

Additionally, two people from the Blue Waters Shrine joined us, serving as guides and intermediaries with the merfolk there.

However, for some reason… they were wrapped in Kaiser’s tail.

It turns out that he didn’t want anyone but us on his back.

(I think we’ve arrived, it’s around here, right?)

“Y-yes, we’re already close.”

(Fumu. In that case, from here, I’ll take on a human form.)

The Cerulean Shrine was located to the west, near the Regulus Empire.

When we got close to the Cerulean Shrine, Kaiser transformed into a human form. Well, it would probably cause a commotion if a Leviathan approached the merfolk settlement in its original form.

“By the way, what happened when you first arrived at the Blue Waters Shrine?”

“Nu? Well… it caused a bit of a commotion, but it worked out once I explained that I was an acquaintance of yours.”

“……”

--- ---

So, it did cause a commotion. But in the end, it seems things worked out, which is good.

“There was no other choice! I didn’t have any clothes with me at that time. Even I, knew better than to wander around naked as a human. It was an unavoidable situation!”

“Ahh~ That’s certainly true.”

“Right?”

“N? By the way, what happens to your clothes when you transform back and forth?”

In his natural form, well, he’d be naked. I had been watching when Kaiser transformed back to his original form and when he took on a human form, I realized that he was already wearing clothes. His clothes weren’t torn or damaged when he changed back either.

“It’s thanks to this!”

Kaiser happily pointed to his right ear.

There was something like a piercing on his ear. Could it be some kind of magic item?

“Can I appraise it?”

“Of course.”

With Kaiser’s permission, I used Appraisal on the item, and I found out that the earring was a magic item for changing equipment.

“… Equipment change?”

“Umu, indeed. This is a magic item that allows me to instantly put on or change into clothes that have been registered with it!”

It seems that Kaiser uses the equipment-changing magic item when transforming into a human to put on clothes and removes it when changing back to his original form.

Furthermore, this magic tool can be used not only for changing in and out of regular clothes but also for instantly changing into combat attire.

“Wow~ so there are magic tools like that, too. That’s really convenient.”

I typically have no significant difference between regular attire and combat gear, but I think this magic tool would be incredibly useful for people who need to switch into armor for battle.

“Yes, when I found this in my lair, I was really pleased. With this, there’s no worry about tearing clothes anymore.”

… At the very least, there was one time when he transformed back to his original form while still wearing clothes and ended up tearing them.

(Oniichan, Oniichan! Let’s look for this equipment-changing magic tool along with the magic rings!)

Joule proposed collecting equipment-changing magic tools with shining eyes.

“N? I do think it’s a handy magic item, but… do you want it that much?”

(Yeah! We might learn the Humanization skill too, right? For times when we need it, I want to collect them in advance!)

Not only Joule but the rest of the Contracted Beasts were also nodding eagerly.

While it’s unclear how to acquire the Humanization skill, they know that such a skill exists, so it seems Joule and the others are aiming to acquire the skill.

They want to be well-prepared for when they do acquire it.

“Understood. We’ll look for it in the dungeons, but we should also keep an eye out in shops and auctions.”

“Allen will help too~!”

“Elena will do her best too~!”

(Okay, we will leave it to you, Oniichan, Allen, and Elena too!”

Allen and Elena also offered their assistance while hugging Joule.

If Joule and the others could humanize, the future would likely be even more fun than it is now~

“Oh, I’m sorry for keeping you waiting.”

We had gotten lost in our conversation, and we had kept the merfolk guide waiting.

“Nono, it’s not a problem at all. Thanks to Kaiser-sama, we arrived here quite early.”

“Indeed. Since we overheard your conversation, we will inform the Miko Himesama about the matter of the equipment-changing magic tools, and we’ll keep it in mind as well.”

“Oh, you don’t have to do that.”

“We are very grateful to Takumi-sama for all the help he’s given us, so this is a small matter for us.”

“Is that so? Well then, please just keep it in mind.”

“”You can count on us!””

Finding an equipment-changing magic tools doesn’t seem like an easy task, so having more people looking for it is honestly appreciated.

So, I’ll ask them to search, and once they find it, I’ll make sure to reward them properly.




Chapter 434

“Alright, shall we go now?”

I swam alongside the people of the Blue Waters Shrine for a while. After passing through a barrier similar to the one in the Blue Waters Shrine, a crystal castle with a green tinge appeared before us.

So that’s the Cerulean Shrine, huh? It looks similar in structure to the Blue Waters Shrine but with a different hue, yet it’s still quite impressive.

“”Oh~ this is beautiful too~””

(It’s a bit green, just like its name suggests.)

(Even though they’re made of the same kind of gem, it’s a bit strange that the colors are different, isn’t it~?)

The children exclaimed in admiration.

“Welcome, please come in.”

I was welcomed by an elderly man, about Gard-san’s age.

“My name is Takumi. Um… I’ve come here on a request introduced to me by the Miko Himesama of the Blue Waters Shrine.”

“I’m Finn, the Chief of the Cerulean Shrine. Thank you for making the journey. Would it be alright for you to meet our Miko Himesama first?”

“Y-yes, of course.”

We parted ways with the guides from the Blue Waters Shrine here, and under the guidance of Finn-san, we entered the Cerulean Shrine.

“Miko Himesama, I have brought them.”

“You must be Takumi-sama, right! I heard that you’ve accepted our request. On behalf of the merfolk of the Cerulean Shrine, I would like to express my gratitude. Thank you very much.”

The Miko Himesama of the Cerulean Shrine was n older than the Miko Himesama of the Blue Waters Palace, roughly the same age as Mirena-san, with green hair and green eyes.

“No, no, it was a simple request, so it’s no trouble at all. Can we take care of the request right away?”

“Aren’t you tired?”

“No at all.”

“I see.—Finn, please show them the way.”

“Understood.”

So, I was guided by Finn-san to quickly complete the garbage collection request.

“”Do you think there are any pearls~?””

“N? Kids, what are pearls?”

“”Jewels!””

“Fumu, do merfolk throw away jewels?”

“Kaiser, don’t get the wrong idea! Pearls aren’t considered jewels for merfolk. Pearls come from seashells, and the round and shiny ones are considered jewels by humans.”

I hurriedly explained to Kaiser to prevent any misunderstandings caused by the children’s explanation.

“Seashells? Humans consider them jewels~? That’s strange.”

“Well, if you call them seashells, it does sound a bit strange.”

As we talked, it seemed we had arrived at the cave that served as the garbage disposal area.

“”Ah!””

Allen and Elena noticed something and rushed over.

“”Found pearls~””

“Ah~ it looks like we did find some after all.”

“”Kaiser~ take a look.””

Sure enough, there were pearls here as well, and Allen and Elena picked up several and showed them to Kaiser.

--- ---

“So, these are pearls, huh? Well, these don’t have that feeling of translucency, but if you look closely, they’re quite beautiful.”

“”Yeah! They’re beautiful!””

“It seems there are a lot of large pearls here~”

“”Plenty of souvenirs!””

“… Well, we can only take the smaller ones as souvenirs, we can’t gift the larger ones~”

Even if there were many pearls, there wasn’t much use for them, so I preferred smaller ones for souvenirs. That sentence might have sounded a bit extravagant, though.

“Allen, Elena, do you remember the size of the pearls we used to make jewelry for Rebecca-san?”

“”Remember~!””

“In that case, could you gather pearls of that size with a nice shape? We can use those as souvenirs.”

“”What color~?””

“They can be all white or in various colors, it doesn’t matter.”

“”Understood~””

Before stashing them all in the Infinite Storage, we sorted out pearls for souvenirs.

“There are quite a few big ones here~”

Ironically, there were some golf ball-sized pearls rolling around. Perhaps it would be best to crush the larger ones into powder? I think there was a product called “pearl powder,”… but I have no idea what it’s used for.

“”Is this size okay?””

“Yeah, that should be fine. Now, after this…—”

Once we finished picking pearls, the rest could be quickly put into the Infinite Storage. This would complete the request. I casually checked what we had collected, and it was mostly seaweed for medicine, shells, stones, and bones that could be used for crafting. Very little of it was truly trash. We could easily dispose of the small amount of actual garbage by burning it when we returned to land.

“This went so smoothly…”

“We relied heavily on our abilities.”

Finn-san seemed astonished as he observed our actions. There might be very few individuals with the aptitude for time-space magic, making it a rare sight among the relatively small merfolk population.

“So, can we consider the request complete?”

“Y-yes! Oh! What should I do?!”

“Eh, what’s the matter!?”

“… We didn’t discuss the reward for the request.”

“Ah~…”

Come to think of it, I had assumed that “the garbage itself is valuable to us” and considered it the reward. But it seems that’s not the case.

“Umm… no need for a reward. We can make use of various items we found here, some of which can be sold, so we’ll profit sufficiently.”

“That won’t do! What we had here may be useful to you, but that’s separate from the reward.”

“Ehh~”

It looks like this situation won’t be resolved without a further discussion about the reward.

“Takumi, you did the job, right? So, shouldn’t you receive compensation?”

“Even though I said it’s a job, all I did was store it.”

“But it’s something the others couldn’t do, right? In that case, I believe you deserve a compensation for this labor.”

“……”

It was quite unusual to see Kaiser, who seemed to be the least interested in matters like labor and compensation, advising me. Quite strange.

“Well, um… how about you rest now that the matter is done after we report to the Miko Himesama? Yes, let’s do that! We can discuss the reward after you rest!”

“… Yes, that sounds good.”

Perhaps noticing the awkward atmosphere I was creating, Finn-san nervously suggested our future plans. So, we returned to the Cerulean Shrine to report to the Miko Himesama.

“Oh my! Is it already done!?”

The Miko Himesama was very pleased, and the discussion about the reward came up once again. As for that, the matter was settled by receiving magic tools that the Cerulean Shrine had in storage after our rest.




Chapter 435

After spending a night at the Cerulean Shrine, the following day, we left and went for an underwater stroll.

“”Teiya~!””

When Allen and Elena spotted monsters, they swiftly swam towards them, changing their postures along the way and kicking with both feet while maintaining their momentum.

(Mumu. Underwater combat is indeed challenging~ I can’t switch my movements as smoothly as they can.)

(Allen-chan and Elena-chan are really skilled at this, aren’t they?)

(In my case, I just need to plunge my head, or rather my beak, into things, so I don’t need to change my posture. It’s not a problem. But Joule and the others can’t just dive in headfirst, obviously.)

(Kuh! I’m going headfirst, no matter what!)

(I’m definitely not cut out for underwater combat! Everyone, do your best!)

(Radian can’t do it~ Takumi Onii~chan, let’s play~)

Joule and the others have only gone underwater twice this time. Their swimming has improved significantly, but unfortunately, they still seem inexperienced in underwater combat.

“If you do it a few times, you’ll get used to it!”

Kaiser was diligently supervising the children. Although underwater combat is probably something Kaiser is used to… that’s when he’s in the form of a Leviathan. Can he fight in human form? Well, if it comes down to it, he can always revert to his original form, so it might not be a big deal if he can’t.

“Kaiser, can you keep an eye on the kids… especially those who are actively fighting?”

(Umu? I don’t mind, but are you going somewhere?)

(Mile, Radian, and I are going to gather some things. It’s hard to come by underwater items, so we’re going to search for various things.)

(I see. Understood, leave them to me.)

(Yeah, please.—Mile, Radian, shall we go explore the seabed?)

(Let’s go!)

(Play~!)

I took Mile and Radian, who seemed a bit bored, and headed to the seabed. However, we weren’t that far away, so I could still see the kids splashing around overhead.

“Radian, don’t stray too far.”

(Got it~!)

Since Radian was still swimming somewhat clumsily at the seabed, I warned him not to wander too far, as there were monsters down there.

(There are lots of seaweed!)

“Oh, it’s kelp and wakame.”

(What, what~? Can we pick these~?”

“Yes, we can. Radian, can you help too?”

(Yeah, will help!)

Mile quickly found common seaweed, so I, along with Mile and Radian, gathered plenty of it.

(Takumi Nii, look at this! This seaweed looks like a vegetable!)

(N? Oh, you’re right. This is… Water Greens?”

As I was gathering seaweed, Mile found something that looked like vegetables. It was called Water Greens.’ However, the watercress I knew in this world was called “Blue Greens,’ so it must be a different plant.

(Is it edible?)

“Yeah, it seems safe.”

This plant called Water Greens that grew on the seabed seemed similar to jute mallow. Well, just the fact that it was growing underwater made it different from the vegetables I knew.

(Anyway, let’s collect it!)

“Yeah, we won’t know if it’s delicious until we try it.”

It might turn into a slightly salty ohitashi with just boiling, so let’s gather as much as we can.

“Yay~! A big one is coming!”

As we were collecting Water Greens, I heard Vector’s excited cry.

(Vector is having a blast!)

“By ‘big one,’ he means a monster, right? What’s coming…—!?”

--- ---

I looked at Vector, wondering what had happened, and saw a Sea Serpent approaching from the direction of Vector’s gaze.

(What’s tha~t?)

“That’s a Sea Serpent. It’s, um… a snake-like monster, I guess.”

(Strong?)

“Yeah, I think it’s quite powerful.”

It does have a resemblance to a Leviathan in terms of appearance, but it’s not a dragon. Well, in the category of sea monsters, it’s probably one of the stronger ones.

But well, it shouldn’t be too much trouble for Vector.

“Ah, but, depending on his swimming skills, it might be a bit challenging?”

(Even if it’s challenging, I don’t think he will lose!)

“You are right there.”

(Vector Onii~chan, do your best~)

It might take some time to defeat it, but I can’t imagine him losing.

“Oh, he went straight for it~”

(That’s so like him!)

Vector went straight towards the approaching Sea Serpent and collided head-on.

“Wow, that was quite a bold move~”

(Vector is really tough! That would normally hurt anyone else!)

“Indeed~ Oh, he’s biting now.”

Seems like a head-on collision wasn’t enough to finish it off, so Vector successfully bit the motionless Sea Serpent’s neck. Then, he vigorously shook the Sea Serpent with all his might.

(Ah, the Sea Serpent went limp!)

“I thought it would be a bit more of a struggle, but he defeated it surprisingly easily~”

(Vector Onii~chan, so amazing~)

Radian, who was excitedly watching Vector’s heroics, swam towards Vector.

“I should remind Radian not to mimic that fighting style.”

(Those moves are only possible because it’s Vector! He must never try to imitate them!)

I’ll make sure to caution Radian not to imitate Vector’s combat style out of respect and admiration.

(Niichan, did you see that?)

“Yeah, I was watching. You took down a big catch effortlessly.”

(Ehehe~ The stuff I killed, I immediately put it in my magic ring, so I’ll give it to you later.)

“That’s right. Your ring doesn’t affects the flow of time.”

(I have to keep my promise with Joule, or he might confiscate it, so if I ever forget, make sure to remind me, Niichan!)

“Hahaha~ understood. I wouldn’t want to receive it here, so I’ll take it as soon as we reach the land.”

Joule’s threats seem to be having a solid effect, as Vector was committed to fulfilling the conditions for holding onto the magic ring.

(I wonder if Sea Serpent is delicious. I’m looking forward to eating it~ Ah, I’ve spotted Sand Crabs! Niichan, I’ll be right back!”

As soon as Vector spotted the next prey, he swam towards it.

(Vector is quite busy!)

“Well, isn’t that just the way he is? While I do get surprised or exasperated by Vector’s actions at times, I have a feeling that if he suddenly became polite and well-behaved… I’d be thrown off balance~”

(That is true!)

He may be a bundle of trouble, but Vector being Vector is the most comforting.

“Now then, are you guys satisfied yet?”

“”Satisfied~””

“Alright, let’s head to the land before it gets dark.”

“”Yeah~””

After encountering the Sea Serpent, we continued to hunt monsters and gather seaweed for a while, obtaining a good haul. We decided to head to the land before the sun set.




Chapter 436

“Now then, where should we go~”

“”Nniyu?””

As I pondered where to go, whether it be to the land or not, Allen and Elena looked at me with curious expressions.

“Well, you see, the nearest coastline from where we are is a country called the Regillus Empire, a place we’ve never been to. So, I am debating whether to go there or return to the Guardia.”

“”New place!””

“Shall we take a look at the Regillus Empire, then?”

“”Go!””

And so, with the destination decided by Allen and Elena’s words, we headed to the Regillus Empire.

“”Here~?””

“Yeah, this is the Regillus Empire. The nearest town is… Glad town. Well, let’s head to the town tomorrow.”

“”Staying overnight~?””

“Yeah, let’s camp here today, or rather, find a place for our house.”

“”Yay~ Staying overnight~””

Since we’re here, I thought we’d camp tonight and maybe have a beach barbecue. We got plenty of seafood, after all.

“For dinner, let’s grill various sea ingredients~”

“”Will eat lots~””

(Niichan Niichan, I want to eat the Sea Serpent too! Oh no! I haven’t given my loot to you, Niichan! Niichan, take it, take it~~~)

Vector hurriedly took out everything from his magic ring and stacked it up to hand it over.

“Whoa~ there’s quite a lot~

“Oniichan, Allen’s too~”

“Elena’s too, please~”

“Ehh!?”

(Niisama, please also take what I have.)

(Aniue, please take mine as well.)

“Uwah, wait a moment!”

Next, Allen and Elena, Feat and Bolt also took out their spoils from the magic bags and magic rings. When materials piled up to make a small mountain by one were gathered by several people, it became quite a sight to behold. So, I hurriedly stored the materials in the Infinite Storage.

“… You’ve defeated quite a number of monsters, huh?”

“Did our best!””

I would like them not to try too hard. After all, the level difference is… well, I guess giving up is the best option at this point.

“Well, Takumi, store what I’ve gathered too.”

“Huh, why!? Your magic ring has a slow time and a considerable capacity, no?”

For some reason, Kaiser was trying to hand over materials to me too.

“Indeed, that is true, but even if I have the materials, I have no use for them!”

“If they can be used as ingredients, wouldn’t it be fine to have them?”

“My usual meals consist of living monsters! So, I don’t like eating what I have killed before! Oh, if it’s your cooking, it’s very welcome, though!”

“… I can’t return everything as cooked dishes.”

“Yes, I understand. It would make me happy if I could keep some dishes when I leave.”

“Got it. Also, what about selling non-food items and buying street food in town?”

“Ohh! That’s a good idea too!”

I decided to take Kaiser’s materials as well, and I’ll handle the selling part. Kaiser can’t become a Guild member anyway.

“So… what were we doing before this?”

Due to the impromptu luggage organization, I forgot what we were doing before.

(Niichan! Sea Serpent!)

“Oh! Right.”

Vector was talking about wanting to eat Sea Serpent. I took out the Sea Serpent stored in the Infinite Storage.

“If we’re going to eat it, we need to dismantle it.”

By the way… grilling on the beach is about grilling freshly caught seafood on the shore, right? Can Sea Serpent be considered seafood? If it falls under the category of sea creatures, it is acceptable, no? In that case, can I include a Blue Dragon too?

“”Wanna dismantle!””

“Dismantle? What do you want to dismantle?”

“”Sea Serpent!””

“Ehh~!?”

At Allen and Elena’s sudden announcement, I involuntarily took a second look at the children’s faces.

--- ---

“Nonono, this is big, and… probably tough?”

“”Will do our best!””

“… Ehh~”

“Can these children dismantle a monster of this size?”

“Huh? Well… yeah, they’ve seen the dismantling of snake-like creatures several times, so they should remember the procedure.”

“We remember~”

“We studied~”

The creatures the children had actually dismantled were not numerous in terms of variety. However, since they had observed someone dismantling carefully and had studied from books, they should be fine with the procedure.

“I shall lend my strength. While I haven’t done dismantling before, if you give instructions, I will act accordingly. In that case, it should be fine to let the children do it.”

“”Yay~! Thank you, Kaiser!””

“All good.”

For some reason, in no time, the children were ready to dismantle the Sea Serpent.

“No, wait a minute…”

“Leave the Sea Serpent to us, Takumi. You can prepare the Blue Dragon.”

“Nn!?”

(Oh, we can eat dragon meat! Exciting!)

(Niisama, do your best!)

“… Alright.”

I couldn’t refuse the expectant gazes from everyone. Honestly, I also want to try Blue Dragon meat, so I took out a portion of the Blue Dragon that I had dismantled from the Infinite Storage.

As a signal, the children, with knives in hand, confidently headed towards the Sea Serpent with Kaiser.

“For now, let’s start with peeling the skin, shall we?”

The Blue Dragon’s parts were of circular slices around the middle of its body. So, after making a cut, I peeled the skin from the cut like carving. The result was a rectangular piece of leather with scales!

After that, I divided the parts into blocks, excluding the bones.

“All right, I guess that’s it~”

I further cut it into pieces for easy grilling, and the Blue Dragon was ready.

“”Oniichan!””

Around the same time, it seems the children had finished their work and called out to me with excitement.

“”We’re done~””

“Huh? Already!?”

It seems the children have finished dismantling the Sea Serpent, a whole body’s worth. Even though it was smaller than the Blue Dragon, it was larger than the part I prepared, you know?

“Takumi, this is the skin we peeled off in its entirity.”

“Oh, yeah… thanks.”

The efficient teamwork of the three seems to have improved the efficiency of the work. I received the skin from Kaiser a bit bewildered and stored it in the Infinite Storage.

“Oniichan, store the meat too~”

“Oniichan, these are for eating~”

Allen and Elena handed over the meat they divided into blocks. Moreover, the meat for eating was in steak-sized pieces!

“Allen and Elena, you guys are amazing~”

“”Amazing?””

“Yeah, you work fast, and the dismantled parts are clean. You did a great job~”

“”Ehehe~””

Well, to be able to do this much at their age is truly rare, I think. My children who can do so much make me want to find something they can’t do in return… Perhaps I feel that way because I’m frustrated?

“Well then, let’s make a meal after cleaning up.”

“”Yeah!””

When in a complicated mood, the best way to forget is to eat something delicious.




Chapter 437

“For now, let’s stick with just salt and pepper. If you want sauce or other flavored salt, let me know.”

“”((((((Sure thing!))))))””

“Mhm.”

Since the number of people has increased, I feel a bit uneasy about the amount that can be cooked with the hot plate I currently have. It might be better to increase the number of hot plates or make a larger one. For now, let’s also make use of the regular stove and frying pan set. And then… like in the beginning, we can either skewer the meat around the bonfire and cook it over an open flame.

“Is it ready?”

“Can we eat?”

“N~ looks good.”

“”Yay~! Let’s eat~!””

First, let’s start with the Sea Serpent meat.

“”Delishhh~~~””

“Yeah, it’s tasty.”

Whether Sea Serpent is classified as meat or fish is unclear to me, but it has a meltingly fatty texture and a light taste.

“This looks done as well.”

“”Eat, eat~””

Next, we have the Blue Dragon meat.

“”Nn~~~””

“Wow~~~ this is beyond delicious. I can’t find any words other than ‘delicious’ to describe this.”

(Dragons are yummy!)

(So delicious~)

(It’s very tasty.)

(Delish! This is so good!)

(It’s yummy!)

(Nyam, nyam~)

I thought Sea Serpent was delicious, but the Blue Dragon was even better. Anyway, the only word that came to mind was “delicious.”

“Hmm, so this is the taste when you cook it. It’s tasty raw, but this is also tasty!”

Perhaps because Kaiser was accustomed to eating dragons, he savored the taste thoroughly and compared it to what he had before.

“… But, this is how lower-rank dragons taste, huh?”

“Other dragons!”

“Are even yummier!?”

Even without me expressing it in words, the children understood what I meant and their eyes sparkled.

“Moreover, there are dragons of attributes other than water~”

“”Ah! That’s right!””

(I see! And when it comes to higher-ranking dragons, the taste might be different!)

(Would a Red Dragon, for example, taste any different?)

(I want to compare them~)

(I’ll definitely hunt them! Niichan, let’s go where dragons might be!)

(Someday, I want to try eating them!)

(Dragons, yumm~)

There are six attributes among the higher-ranking dragons, including water, fire, wind, earth, light, and dark.

“I promise I’ll get you a Water Dragon eventually. So, when you get dragons other than the water attribute, be sure to let me taste them!”

“”We’ll do our best!””

“No, no, no! It’s definitely intriguing, but you don’t have to work hard for that!”

“”Ehh~~~””

“Even if you make that dissatisfied face, we won’t casually go to places where dragons are likely to live.”

At this rate, they would be running towards unexplored regions or something. I can’t overlook that, so stopping them is the only option. I’m really curious, too! But I can’t agree with that.

“”Then! Then! Won’t it come attacking us~?””

“Attacking? Wait, attacking!? … Hey, don’t say something so ominous! But if we were attacked… would you fight? No, depending on the place, wouldn’t you run away!?”

“Ehh~ let’s fight~””

“Oh, come on! Let’s put the dragon talk on hold for now. Look, the next batch is ready. Shrimp, scallops, and such. So, let’s eat rice now~”

“”Ah, will eat, will eat!””

Since I might lose if I continued the conversation, I decided to focus on the meal for now.

--- ---

“Look, the crabs are done too~”

“”Everything looks so yummy~””

… Did I succeed in diverting the conversation?

(Oniichan, does this meat look done, too? Can I eat it?)

“Yeah, it looks good. Go ahead~”

“Allen will eat too!”

“Give some to Elena too!”

The Sea Serpent and the Blue Dragon meat were delicious, but since fresh seafood was also tasty, the children quickly became engrossed in their meal.

“”It was yummy~””

“Both of you ate a lot~”

“”Couldn’t stop eating~””

Allen and Elena were rubbing their stomachs, indicating they were so full that they almost couldn’t move.

I’m sure the children’s bellies are pleasantly round by now.

(… Ate too much, feeling a bit uncomfortable.)

(… Me too.)

(… Same here.)

(… Ugh~ can’t eat anymore~~~)

(… My stomach is full~)

(… Can’t move~)

“I am very satisfied!”

Not just the two of them, but Joule and the others also ate a lot, and they laid down while complaining “I can’t eat anymore~~~”

“So, let’s stop around here… even though I told you to stop.”

“”But~ it was so deli~sh.””

I admit that I also ate a bit too much, but not as much as everyone else.

After all, there’s still meat left, and if I want to eat more, I can do it anytime.

“Come on, it’ll be dark soon. Let’s look for a place to set up the house. If you want to lie down, you can lie down as much as you want there. We’re moving now.”

Setting up a house right in the middle of the beach would attract attention, so I want to find a slightly more secluded spot.

“”… Oka~y.””

As I urged everyone to move, the children began to move at an unexpectedly slow pace, like I’ve never seen them before. It was really slow, almost sluggish. Unusual. I thought they couldn’t move much at this rate, so I decided to set up the house in the shade of nearby rocks. This is originally an unpopulated place, so it doesn’t seem likely that anyone will see us once it gets dark.

“Come on, this way.”

I stood at the entrance, and before the children passed through the door, I used magic to clean them up. They were all covered in sand from lying on the beach.

“… Wah~”

Once inside the room, each one found their favorite spot to lie down.

It was the first time for Radian and Kaiser to enter this house, but they found comfortable spots and lay down.

“… Really unusual.”

Even so, the fact that the spot I usually use stayed vacant was just a coincidence, right?




Chapter 438

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“… N? Good morni… Huh? Eh, it’s still dark!?”

The next morning, I was awakened by the children… and the surroundings were still dim.

“It’s not morning yet, is it?”

“It’s just after sunrise.”

“You are already awake too, Kaiser!?”

“Umu, I don’t need much sleep.”

It seems they woke me up with the sunrise.

No… if the sun is starting to rise, is it technically morning?

“Anyway… isn’t it a bit too early?”

“”Ehehe~ woke up early~”

Since we went to bed early yesterday, it seems they woke up early as a result.

“Well… I was planning to wake up early today, so it’s fine~”

Since everyone was still full and couldn’t move much, I set the house in the compromise of a shady, rocky area. So, I had planned to pack up the house early.

“Now then, yesterday everyone seemed like they were about to burst with a full stomach, but are you guys up for breakfast?”

“”(Will eat!)””

“(((((Breakfast!)))))”

“Hahaha~…”

Seems like they have a good appetite. Got lively responses from everyone.

“Yesterday, there were fewer vegetables, so… I’ll focus on vegetables in the morning.”

“”Got it~””

“… I’m not a big fan of vegetables, but if it’s Takumi’s cooking, even vegetables might taste good. Umu, I don’t mind!”

Grilling various vegetables, bacon, and sausages, seasoning them with everyone’s favorite sauce or salt, we ate them with white bread.

“”Depa~rt!””

After a short break after the meal, when it finally became brighter, we decided to head to the town of Glad.

“I can see the town.”

(Well, then, this is where we part ways.)

(I want to stay together a bit longer, but it would be too conspicuous if a large group like ours entered the town.)

(That’s true. It can’t be helped, but this is where we part ways.)

(Too bad. But you’ll go back to a dungeon soon, right? I can endure it if that’s the case.)

(Over~? I wanted to play more~)

(Radian, it’s okay! We’ll see each other again soon!)

Joule and the others said their farewells to me and the children, and then disappeared into my shadow.

“Is it okay for me to stay with you?”

“Of course, it’s fine. But let me know before you’re about to revert to your non-human form.”

“Of course! But, Takumi! I’m evolving every day.”

“Huh?”

“I can now revert to my shrunken state when undoing my humanoid form!”

“!”

Kaiser proudly puffed out his chest, and suddenly, he reverted to his non-human form. He turned into a Leviathan about the size of my arm… well, more like a snake.

“”Ohh~”

(How about that? I struggled a lot to achieve this level of Shrinking.)

“”Amazing~””

“Yeah, well, it’s impressive, but… it’s a bit surprising when it happens suddenly. I wish you’d say something before reverting to non-human form.”

(Umu?)

Kaiser reverted to his humanoid form again.

“I apologize for that~ But now, it should be fine for us to stay together for a long time, right?”

“That’s right. But you never know where people might be watching, so be careful when changing.”

“Umu, I’ll be careful.”

“Alright, let’s go… oh!”

“””N?”””

Just as I thought, “Well, let’s depart!” I noticed a problem. Startled by my sudden exclamation, the children and Kaiser tilted their heads in confusion.

--- ---

“Kaiser, go back to your shrunken monster form after all.”

“Hmm?”

“Kaiser doesn’t have identification, so he can’t enter the town!”

“””Ah!”””

As I explained the problem, all three of them unintentionally exclaimed.

“So, pretend to be my familiar.”

“Oh, right.”

Kaiser transformed again into the sna… I mean, the shrunken Leviathan form, wrapping around my neck.

“Whoa! It’s a bit cool~”

(Is there a problem?)

“No, it’s fine. Just stay like this until we enter the town.”

(Alright, understood.)

With that, we headed towards the town. Well, we were questioned a bit at the gate, but we managed to bring Kaiser into the town of Glad safely.

“”What to do~?””

“For now, I want to revert Kaiser… maybe take some back alleys.”

(I’m fine staying like this.)

“If possible, wouldn’t you want to explore the town together?”

(… If it’s possible?)

To transform Kaiser back into humanoid form, we deviated from the main street, took an unpopular back alley, and he transformed.

“Sorry for the trouble.”

“No problem, I don’t mind this much.”

“”No probs, not at all!””

“Alright, then… where to first?”

“”Umm… the shrine?””

“Oh, right. Let’s go greet them first.”

Upon the suggestion of the children, we decided to head to the shrine first.

(Takumi-saa~~~n!)

“Uwah!”

“”Nniyu?””

As we entered the shrine, Syl’s scream echoed, and I couldn’t help but let out a surprised exclamation. The children looked up at me with curious expressions.

“It’s nothing. I will go give my greetings, so you two wait here for a bit.”

“”Okay!””

“Kaiser, come with me for a moment.”

“Umu, okay.”

Leaving the children to their usual freedom, I took Kaiser with me towards the shrine’s statue.

(Syl, don’t suddenly shout like that. It startled me.)

(S-Sorry. But, but! I thought you’d come to visit me in the town of Gista! I couldn’t meet you!)

(Oh! Sorry, I completely forgot!)

(Ugh~… Even though I was looking forward to meeting you…)

I initially expressed my complaint about the sudden loud greeting, but I ended up being scolded in return.

… In the town of Gista, huh? I haven’t thought of visiting the shrine at all there.

(I’m really sorry. But, you know, Syl, it’s not like I promised to… go to the shrine every time we arrive in a new town… right?)

(……)

(……)

(……)

(……)

It’s not like I made a promise with him to visit a shrine every time. So, when I tried to counter with that, Syl fell silent.

(Uu~… please come to visit~)

After a while of mutual silence, Syl, unable to bear it any longer, made a pitiful request.

(I can’t promise always, but I’ll try. Is that good enough?)

(… Okay~)

I always think about it, but… Syl is technically my superior, right?

I feel like I’m being cheeky. There won’t be any… punishment or anything, right? It should be okay, right?




Chapter 424

When we arrived in the town of Gista, we headed straight to the Adventurers’ Guild.

“Hey, Takumi, we meet again!”

“Oh, Sieg-san!”

Then, luckily enough, we encountered Sieg-san whom we had met right in front of the Dungeon of Scorching Heat as soon as we entered the guild.

“What, could it be that you are just returning from the dungeon? I thought if it was you, Takumi, you would have finished conquering at least the first floor and come to the town sooner… Perhaps, have you even gone partway through the second floor already?”

“……”

If it’s just conquering the first floor, it would probably take around two or three days, even if you take your time. That’s just my assumption, though.

However, we met at the dungeon… I’m not exactly sure, but it was probably about six days ago. So, I think Sieg-san was surprised that it took a little longer, and he probably guessed that we had gone through part of the second floor as well.

Given the context of this conversation, is it acceptable to say that we’ve conquered up to the fifth floor… I wonder?

“”No, that’s not it!””

“Ah!”

I hurriedly covered Allen’s and Elena’s mouths. They were definitely about to say that we had finished up to the fifth floor.

“… Alright, Takumi, do you have time? It’s lunchtime, let’s go to the dining hall together. Of course, somewhere with private rooms. We can have a thorough conversation there! What do you say?”

“Hahaha~…”

Sieg-san seemed to have sensed something was up and was guiding us towards a private room where our conversation wouldn’t be overheard by others.

“Just so you know, I did say we’ll have a thorough conversation, but if you don’t want to talk, you don’t have to. Of course, I’ll listen carefully if you’re willing to tell me, though~”

“Well, it’s not like it’s a secret or anything… but I think you might be surprised. So, if you can mentally prepare yourself, I’ll tell you.”

Even if we try to keep it a secret, it seems like it might get out eventually, and we probably won’t be able to keep it confidential among ourselves. So, I feel like it would be easier to just talk about somewhere else without any fuss, right~

“Oh, really? Well then, I’ll prepare myself mentally. Go ahead and tell me!”

“Is it okay if it’s just you, Sieg-san? What about the other members?”

“Oh, about them, I already sent someone to call them, and I have arranged to meet them at the restaurant.”

“Wow, everyone’s here already…”

Somewhere along the line, arrangements had been made for the other members of the ‘Ice Blade’ to gather.

“Here we are.”

“”Here?””

“Sieg-san, over here!”

“Uwah, everyone’s already here!”

As we entered the restaurant, there were already four members of the ‘Ice Blade’ gathered there, and Oscar-san noticed us and waved.

“This is odd, isn’t it? Why is everyone already here? Didn’t Sieg-san just send the message a little while ago?”

“I was surprised by that too. Since this is the inn we’re staying at, I thought one or two people would join quickly, but it seems like everyone stayed at the inn instead of going out.”

“That’s right. Warren-san and Nick were reading in their room, and Valda and I were drinking.”

“Heh~”

It seemed like two of them had been drinking since before noon.

“For everyone except me to not have gone out, that’s unexpected! They really are a bunch of recluses.”

Even Sieg-san seemed to be looking at his party members with a mix of exasperation and amusement.

“Recluses! Allen is one too~!”

“Elena’s too~!”

“Nono, would you really call what you two do ‘reclusiveness’?”

“”Is that so?””

“I mean, not leaving the room at all for the whole day… Have you two ever done that~?”

“”Huh~?””

“Didn’t you go out to the garden or wander around the mansion?”

“”We did~””

Staying within the Ruven estate’s grounds without going outside is something that’s happened a few times, but rarely would they not leave their own rooms. At most, they’d laze around on the bed in the morning… that’s about it. The rest of the time, they’re reasonably active. Well, you could say they’re staying indoors, but considering the size of the estate, it’s a bit different from being a recluse in my opinion.

“We weren’t recluses!”

“Not at all~”

“Oh, I, I see…”

The kids were quick to correct themselves to Sieg-san, leaving him a bit bewildered in response.

“Um, is this place both an inn and a restaurant?”

“Yeah, that’s right.”

“Who’s in charge here? Do you know if there are any rooms available?”

Since it’s an inn, I thought I’d secure lodging for tonight.

“Niichan, we do have rooms available, but… I’m afraid there are only single rooms left.”

“That’s not a problem. We’ll take a single room then. One adult and two children.”

The apologetic look from the staff was probably because, even though they’re kids, we’re a group of three and there’s only single rooms available. However, my kids are still too young to be using separate rooms.

--- ---

“”Sleeping together~””

Even on a single bed, we can still manage to squeeze together, and if it’s cramped, I can temporarily store the built-in bed in the Infinite Storage and use the larger bed I have… However, it might be a good idea to start getting them used to sleeping separately. Well, I’ll think about that later.

“Now that we’ve secured a room, shall we have a meal?”

“”Food, food~””

“I heard that you preferred a private room. One is available.”

“Thank you. Oh, right. Could you use this for the meal you prepare for us?”

I suddenly took out a pink rock salt from the Infinite Storage, which I had obtained from the Dungeon of Scorching Heat

I had the idea of trying the taste of the food others make with it.

“Wow! Isn’t that the Scorching Pink Rock Salt? You found one!”

“……”

… Huh? Is this level of surprise an indication that it’s unexpectedly rare?

“Alright, we’ve got more reasons for a private room now!”

“… Ehhh~”

“Come on, let’s go.”

“Hey! Wait! Salt! I don’t mind you using it, so please don’t hold back!”

We were about to be led to a private room by Sieg-san and the others, so I managed to hand the salt to the restaurant staff before moving.

“Now then, Takumi. Let me confirm first. When you guys first met us, it was also the first time you delved into the Scorching Heat, correct?”

“Oh, um, yes, that’s right?”

Once we settled into our seats, the question time from Sieg-san and the others began.

“Wow! So does that mean you can find this rock salt even on the first floor!?”

“Oscar, we don’t know that yet.—Takumi, you said we could ask if we wanted to know earlier. How many floors did you go through?”

“Um…”

“”Five floors!””

“””””What!?”””””

Sieg-san was asking us about the floors we conquered this time. I did say we’d tell if they wanted to know, but I hesitated for a moment, so the kids easily answered. Upon hearing their response, Sieg-san and the others had their eyes widen, taking in a sharp breath.

“What!? You went all the way to the fifth floor in one go!?”

“”Yeah, we did~””

“No way!”

“”It’s not a lie~””

“Wait, so, roughly one floor per day?”

“”That’s right~””

Sieg-san’s words sounded more like exclamations than questions, and the kids were casually responding with nods. It was interesting to watch.

“Oh man… I thought I was mentally prepared, but I’m still surprised.”

“Hahaha~”

Seems like his mental preparation was in vain. Sieg-san looked a bit tired.

“Oh well~ You guys are amazing. Even though they’re lower floors, to conquer five floors in one go~”

“In our party, we have members with good instincts, a keen sense of smell, the ability to scout from high places, and good mobility. So, we have advantages when it comes to conquering.”

“I see, that’s envy-worthy.”

After hearing my words, Sieg-san seemed to remember Joule and the others. He nodded as if he understood. Thanks to everyone’s abilities, the progress of the conquest was going smoothly, especially timewise~

“Speaking of which, is that halite really that amazing? I was quite surprised…”

Since I didn’t have a grasp of the market value of rock salt, I decided to ask honestly.

“That rock of salt is mined beyond the tenth floor, so it’s not that common. That’s why it commands quite a high price. If it’s found on the lower floors, I can imagine adventurers in this town rushing to get it.”

“I see.”

So, halite is quite valuable after all.

“To be honest, I’m curious where you found it… Oh, but if you want to keep it a secret, you don’t have to tell me.”

“No, it’s not that I want to keep it a secret… oh, wait, we found it on the second floor?”

“”We found a lot~””

“Second floor!? And there were a lot of them!?”

“Yeah, well…”

It’s something that supposedly can’t be mined in large quantities, but we managed to find quite a lot. As expected of Allen and Elena, I guess?

“Hey there, we’re serving! The food’s ready~”

“”Food time!””

The conversation was interrupted as the food was brought to us.




Chapter 425

The dishes seemed to have been prepared by the man who welcomed us at the inn, possibly the innkeeper. He happened to serve us, but he actually seems to be the chef.

In these types of inns, it’s often run by a husband and wife, with the husband as the chef and the wife handling reception and service.

“Yum! Boss, this is definitely better than usual! Is it because of that salt?”

The dishes themselves consisted mainly of meat stir-fry and soup commonly served in dining halls, but Oscar-san seemed to notice a difference in taste after just one bite.

“Oscar, can you really tell the difference in taste?”

“I might not know much about art, but I know whether food is good or not!”

“Well, you certainly don’t have any aesthetic sense, Oscar.”

“So heartless~”

Oscar-san and the innkeeper bantered back and forth. It seemed like they got along well, possibly because they had been based here for a long time.

“What can I say… it has an elegant finish, don’t you think?”

“Do you think so too, Warren? I felt the same way when I was making it.”

The innkeeper agreed with the words Warren-san said while savoring his food.

Indeed, it had an elegant taste~ It might be because of the high-quality rock salt, which lacked any impurities.

“What do you think, kids?”

“”It’s yummy~””

“It’s very tasty.”

“I’m glad to hear that. Oh, that’s right. Niichan, here’s the remaining rock salt. I’ll leave it here. Thank you for letting me use such a precious ingredient.”

The innkeeper wore a satisfied expression as he asked for our opinions, and then he placed the leftover halite on the table before leaving the room.

“”Oniichan, this is delish too~!””

“Really? Then give me a bit.”

“”Yeah!””

It didn’t feel like we were chatting while eating… instead, we focused on our meals without much conversation.

“Wah~ that was so good~ Since we don’t do much mining, I thought we wouldn’t get a chance to taste this, but today’s our lucky day~ Takumi, thanks for sharing this with us!”

“No problem, I’m glad you enjoyed it.”

After finishing our meal, we started talking again. The “Ice Blade” party seemed to be focused on obtaining monster materials and dungeon exploration, and it appeared they had never gone mining for rock salt.

“Do adventurers who primarily focus on mining exist around here?”

“They do, they do! The current trend is mining on the eighth floor. It seems high-quality minerals can be found there.”

“Heh~”

“Oh, and they say they occasionally find rock salt there, but it seems to be quite rare.”

So, there are floors where high-quality minerals can be mined. I can’t think of any use for them, but I might want to do some mining at some point.

“By the way, what floor are you guys currently on, Zeke-san?”

“We just managed to clear the twelfth floor when we met the other day. Among the current exploration groups, we should be the furthest ahead. The highest recorded floor was the fifteenth, I believe.”

Zeke-san’s group was currently the top explorers on the twelfth floor, and the highest record in the past was the fifteenth floor. I thought there would have been more exploration done, even in the past, but they haven’t even reached half of it.

Perhaps the hot dungeon makes progress difficult? I need to remember this well.

“That dungeon, the temperature rises from the eleventh floor, so it’s quite challenging.”

“So, floors one to ten don’t change much in terms of temperature?”

“Yeah, it doesn’t vary much from floors one to five; it alternates between going up and down.”

I assumed it would continue to alternate up to the higher floors, as it did up to the fifth, but it seems the pattern continues up to the tenth floor.

“And floors eleven and twelve are the hot floors, right?”

“That’s right. We ventured a bit into the thirteenth floor, and it was also a hot one.”

I see, I see. Thanks for sharing this valuable information.

--- ---

“Allen wants to go further ahead!”

“Elena will do her best too!”

The children, who had been listening to the discussion about the Dungeon of Scorching Heat, showed determination, and Zeke-san’s group smiled at them fondly. However, I couldn’t calm down. If the kids got motivated, they might easily surpass Zeke-san’s group’s records, and even past records!

“… Allen, Elena, let’s not overdo it.”

“”Ehh, will do our best~””

I really hope they keep their enthusiasm in check. Seriously.

“Oh, look, the eighth floor seems suitable for mining, so let’s set our target there and do some mining.”

“We’ll do our best mining~”

“But also do our best conquering~”

There’s still some time before that happens, so I should think of a way to stop the kids.

“The kids are really eager, huh~? Keep it up!”

“”Yeah, we will!””

“Zeke-san, don’t encourage them!”

Seriously, please stop. I’m scared of the results of their excessive enthusiasm.

“Oh, with Takumi’s group, it feels like they’ll surpass us and move ahead in no time.”

“What are you talking about? Please continue your exploration.”

“We prioritize safety, you see. So, Takumi, if you happen to advance ahead of us, please provide us with maps and information!”

“No, no, no!”

Does Zeke-san’s group have no sort of pride, thinking they should always be the best? Or is it simply stubbornness? Do they have no stubbornness at all?

“Wouldn’t your group feel frustrated if we easily surpassed your record!?”

“Hm? I wonder? You guys seem quite extraordinary.”

“Yeah, not just extraordinary, abnormal might be a more suitable word.”

“Oh yeah~ they give off that kind of feeling.”

“If they easily break the past records, wouldn’t people’s expectations for us decrease?”

“Well, that’s something we’d definitely would want to happen.”

“……”

None of them seem to care about it!? Some of them even have harsh comments!

“Is the guild, or rather, the Adventurers’ Guild, the one that expects the most since you’re the ones making the most progress?”

“When we return from the dungeon, we always get summoned by the Guild Master without fail.”

“Every time without fail? Whoah~ that might be annoying.”

“The other day, when we finished the twelfth level, the Guild Master was very happy. This dungeon is not a very easy one to conquer, so when we return to the town in the middle of clearing a floor, it’s obvious that people are disappointed.”

“Uwah, that sounds really unpleasant!”

It seems like Zeke-san’s group is going through quite a bit of mental struggle.

“That’s something that really needs to be addressed, right~”

“Or if they have such high expectations of us, they should at least provide support, I think.”

“No, if we receive support, they’ll expect even greater results. I absolutely want to avoid that.”

It really seems like they are struggling.

“That’s why I sincerely want you guys to do your best.”

“You guys have too high expectations of us!”

“Not at all. Do your best!”

“”Will do~””

“No, really, wait.”

Zeke-san seemed determined to motivate Alan and Elena to the fullest.

Well, it’s because they’ve been going through a lot.

“”We will do our best~””

After this, we received various pieces of information from Zeke-san’s group for a while… It felt like they were expecting us to hurry up and catch up to them.

And the children were getting even more motivated… I have a feeling I won’t be able to stop them.




Chapter 426

“Now, what should we do today?”

“”Gonna be a shut-in~””

“……”

The day after arriving in the town of Gista, when I asked what we should do, the children immediately suggested being a hikikomori. Perhaps because they found out they had never done it before, they decided to put it into practice right away.

“Well, it’s not a bad idea for a day of rest. So, should we spend today reading books or something?”

“”Will do that~””

So, we spent the entire day holed up in our accommodation, taking it easy.

The day after our hikikomori episode, we went out into the town for some shopping. It was under the pretext of restocking supplies for dungeon exploration, but we didn’t really need to replenish even our food supplies. So, we just wandered around the shops in this new town, buying things that caught our eye.

“”Will do our best~””

After spending two days in the town, we returned to the dungeon.

We could have rested a bit more, but it seemed that two days were enough for Allen and Elena.

“Alright then, let’s head to the fifth floor.”

“”((((((Yay~))))))””

We used the teleportation device to go to the innermost chamber of the fifth floor and then descended the stairs to the sixth floor.

“”It’s cool here~””

As expected, the sixth floor had a cooler temperature, just as we had heard.

“According to Sieg-san’s information, there’s hardly anything to mine on this floor… What should we do?”

“”Will give it a try~””

“Yeah. That’s what I thought.”

If the kids could mine even the halite that was thought not to appear until the double digits floor, they should be able to find something here.

“”Will try digging here~””

Without delay, the children raised their pickaxes and began to dig into the wall.

(Radian will dig too~)

(Well, I guess I’ll join in too~)

(In that case, I’ll take care of the monsters~)

Following Allen and Elena, Radian and Vector also began digging into the wall, while Joule kept an eye on the surroundings to protect those who were mining.

“There’s really nothing to do during the time the children are mining, right?”

(Yeah~)

(There really isn’t~)

(Nothing to do!)

And so, I, Feat, Bolt, and Mile were in full-on watch duty mode.

“What should we do? Should we try digging somewhere too?”

(I feel like we’ll just end up with empty hands if we do that.)

“Yeah~ you’re right.”

(Aniue, how about doing some cooking?)

“It would be fine if we stayed in one place for longer, but since we’ll be moving around a lot, it’s not quite possible, I guess?”

(Takumi Nii, just quietly watch over them!)

“Yeah. I better do that~)

We decided to continue our watch duty.

“”We found lots~””

(We did~)

“You guys really found a lot~”

“”A bunch came out!””

It seems like the children have dug up a large amount of rock salt and iron.

Moreover, from what I hear, they didn’t dig in various places but rather found a lot from digging in one spot. They sure are lucky~

(Oniichan, quite a few monsters came our way too~ The loot is all over there~)

As they look at the children’s spoils, Joule has also returned. It seems he wants us to collect the loot that he has gathered in one place. It looks like there’s quite a bit, too.

“Isn’t it about time we finished mining? Should we move on?”

“”Yeah, let’s move on~””

After easily conquering the sixth floor, we headed to the seventh floor into a rocky area.

“Now, which way should we go?”

“”Over there~!””

“That way it is.”

As we defeated monsters we encountered while gathering some rocks, I noticed something in the distance that we haven’t seen before.

--- ---

“N~? There seems to be some kind of plant over there~”

“”You are right!””

From a distance, it looked like a tree, but in the rocky areas we have been through so far, there were hardly any plants. So, we decided to go and take a closer look out of curiosity.

“Is it a normal tree?”

“”Looks like it~””

Sure enough, there were trees growing.

“Oh, it’s bearing fruits~”

“”Tasty ones?””

“Wait a moment.”

The trees were about the same height as me and had many bright red fruits resembling mini tomatoes. At first glance, they looked like Christmas trees.

“Umm…”

Upon closer examination with Appraisal, it turned out that these fruits were… konjac (a type of Japanese jelly made from the konjac) fruit.

“Konnyaku, seriously?! This is unexpected!”

“”Konnyaku?””

“It’s a type of food. It’s used in simmered dishes and oden, for example.”

“”Ohh! Wanna try!””

It’s Tama Konnyaku (rounded shape konjac), huh~ While I am happy about Konnyaku itself… I’ve never seen it in red before~

“… I wish it was white if possible~”

“”White?””

“Yeah. The ones I know are usually white or black, or even grayish.”

The red color was just too unusual; it would have been better if it were in a color I am more familiar with.

“I wonder if there are other colors~?”

“”Should we look?””

(Oh, yeah, that’s a good point. This Konjac fruit? There might be fruits of different colors too, no?)

“Items from the dungeons sometimes come in different colors~ It might be worth looking around?”

“”Let’s look~””

And so, they decided to search for Konjac fruits of different colors.

“I found some white ones here~”

“Black ones over there~”

(Oniichan, there are yellow ones over here~)

(Blue~)

(Niichan, there are also gray and green ones~)

Then, the kids found fruits of various colors one after another, and in large quantities.

(Niisama, we found a lot, didn’t we?)

(Such a great variety.)

(And there’s so many of them!)

“No kidding. I never expected there would be so many.”

I thought it would be great to have white and black ones, but I never imagined finding such a colorful variety. Actually, they were quite easy to find, but in Gista, these fruits were not sold, probably because they’re mostly flavorless despite being called fruits.

“Well then, let’s get right to it, I want to try cooking with Konjac fruits right away, so how about we finish this floor and cook at the teleportation device?”

“”Good! Let’s do that!””

(I’m in favor too since I want to taste it!)

(Fufu, I’m looking forward to it. Well then, let’s move on quickly.)

(I’m excited too. Oh, I’ll go for a little reconnaissance from above.)

(Ya~y! I’m looking forward to Niichan’s cooking~”

“Takumi Nii, let’s hurry up!)

(Meal, so excited~)

Everyone agreed to my proposal, and we quickly conquered the seventh floor.

“Well then, everyone, let’s take a break.”

“”What about helping~?””

“It’s okay. I’ll ask for your help next time.”

“”Okay~””

Once we arrived at the teleportation device area, I immediately started cooking.

“First, let’s prepare these.”

Konjac fruits didn’t have any peels or anything, and they were growing just as they were, so I started by rinsing them with magic. Next, I added salt to the konjac and lightly kneaded it. After letting it sit for a while, I boiled it in boiling water for a few minutes and drained it.

Since this konjac seemed different from what I knew, I might not have needed to prep it, but it wouldn’t hurt to do it just in case.

Once the prep was done, it was time to cook. However, I didn’t know much about konjac dishes~ Therefore, I decided to make a sweet and spicy stir-fry with soy sauce, sugar, sake, and red pepper.

For the children, I decided to make a milder version, so the one for me had a slightly spicier kick.

“Still, It’s so colorful~”

The Konjac was made by mixing all the colors, but it turned out to be interesting to look at. As for the finished product, I used the white Konjac as a guide, so I am sure it will be fine.

As for the side dishes, I went with rice and miso soup… and Orc miso-grilled——with pickled Chinese cabbage.

“Springy~♪”

(Konjac fruits have an interesting texture, don’t they?)

Everyone seemed to enjoy the texture of the Konjac, so the next day, we returned to the seventh floor to search for Konjac fruits once again.




Chapter 427

We went to gather Konjac fruit until we were satisfied and then headed to the eighth floor.

“This floor is said to have high-quality minerals… What should we do?”

“”Dig~””

“Yeah~”

The children’s response was so quick that it seemed pointless to ask.

“I think I’ll do some mining here too.”

“”Ohh~ let’s do it, let’s do it!””

On this floor, even an ordinary person could dig up quite a bit, so I decided to join in the mining.

“Oh, this floor is popular for mining, so let’s assume there are other adventurers around and act accordingly. So, Joule and the others, stay within my sight, just in case!”

((((((Okay~))))))

We need to act under the assumption that there are other adventurers here for mining. It would be a problem if Joule and the others encountered adventurers in a place where I wasn’t present and were mistaken for dungeon monsters and attacked.

Well, I believe Joule and the others wouldn’t lose easily, but it would be a major issue if they ended up attacking someone. It’s better to be cautious.

“Well then, Allen, Elena, please lead us to a promising spot.”

“”Leave it to us!””

Guided by Allen and Elena, we started mining, but…

“It’s coming out so easily~”

“”Is spilling out~””

While there was a lot of iron and rock salt, the term “spilling out” was truly fitting because a massive amount of mining products was being excavated.

“”Ah!””

“What’s wrong?”

“”Found something sparkling~!””

“Sparkling?”

“”This thingy~ What is it~?””

“Uwah, is this gold!?”

What Allen and Elena brought were large grains of gold.

“”Gold? Gemstones?””

“Not gemstones, but precious metal. It’s used for jewelry and such.”

“”Will find lots!””

Knowing that gold could be used for something, Allen and Elena were eager to collect it.

“Do you want to use all this gold for something?”

“”As souvenirs!””

“… Ah, yeah, of course.”

The Ruven family’s souvenirs, huh? Well, gold is something that can be used by anyone, so whether they’ll accept it or not, it can be a suitable souvenir.

“I hope you find a lot~”

“”Will do our best!””

Since the kids seemed likely to find a lot without trying too hard, I left them to it and continued to mine at my own pace.

“Well then, we should stop around here~——Allen, Elena, are you satisfied yet?”

“”Just a bit more~ This is the last one~””

Allen and Elena seemed to be in the midst of excavating something, and they seemed determined to dig it out.

“What are you digging for?”

“”Amber–!””

“Amber… like the gem!”

Peering at where the kids were digging, they were carefully extracting a rather large piece of amber.

Moreover, it had insects inside.

They had found nicely preserved insects in amber before, but this time, there was a beautiful butterfly-like insect inside. It’s not common for insects to be so beautifully preserved, especially right at the center of the stone~

Oh, speaking of which, the amber with the bees inside is still stored away in my Infinite Storage, isn’t it? Noble ladies… they wouldn’t use something with insects in it, even if it’s a gemstone… right?

“Finding insects in amber again, what are the odds?”

“”There were ones without bugs too, you know~?””

“Huh?”

“”Look~””

“Whoah~…”

The kids had somehow managed to mine several pieces of amber. There were ambers without impurities, ones with leaf-like things inside, and others with air bubbles.

(Ah, Oniichan, this is what I found.)

(Niisama, I found these.)

(I found some too.)

(I got materials from monsters!)

(Takumi Nii, I’m sorry! I only got a few!)

(Radian found some too!)

Joule and the others handed over their loot one by one. In no time, a small mountain of mining products and monster materials had formed at my feet.

--- ---

“Well, it’s become quite a pile~”

(This floor is amazing. Something always comes out from where you dig.)

(That’s right. A surprising amount has come out~)

Overall, there seemed to be a lot of iron, but various gemstones were scattered among the rock salt.

“Alright, shall we move on?”

“”((((((Yeah~))))))””

Satisfied with our mining, we quickly conquered the eighth floor, then the ninth, and finally stepped into the tenth floor.

“What about mining on this floor?”

“”Won’t do~””

“Eh?”

Allen and Elena had been mining on each floor so far, but it seemed they had no intention of mining on this floor.

“You won’t?”

“”Won’t~””

“Well, I guess that’s okay too~”

“”Let’s go quickly~””

It seemed they planned to quickly and efficiently conquer this floor as well.

“”Over there~!””

And they were in a hurry.

“Next, that way~”

“Next, this way~”

“”Straight ahead~””

Even if they encountered monsters, they would defeat them while running, and the ones behind would pick up the loot, then toss it to me, who was at the rear… It was like a sudden dungeon marathon, something we had done in a certain dungeon before. As a result, we quickly found the Boss room on the tenth floor.

“”Arrived~!””

(As expected of Allen and Elena. They found the Boss room without losing their way~)

(Is that amazing?)

(It’s really amazing!)

(Wow~ Allen Onii~chan and Elena Onee~chan, you’re so amazing!)

“”Ehehe~””

When Joule conveyed how amazing Allen and Elena were to Radian, Radian excitedly spun around the two.

Praise from Radiant made Allen and Elena happy, but they smiled somewhat shyly.

(They’re being bashful, aren’t they~)

“They sure are~”

(Embarrassed, indeed.)

“Muu! Oniichan, give us snacks!””

While I was happily watching the children’s reactions with Feat and Bolt, Allen and Elena somewhat angrily demanded snacks. A way to hide their embarrassment, perhaps?

“Okay, okay. What do you want?”

“”Dorayaki!””

“Got it. Here you go.”

Allen and Elena, took the dorayaki from me somewhat angrily, but considering they let Radian have the first bite, it was probably still a way to hide their embarrassment.

However, I thought if I laughed here, they would definitely sulk, so I had to hold back.

“”Ready for battle!””

(Rea~dy.)

After taking a break with snacks, we finally entered the Boss room.

“Is that… a Metal Raccoon?”

As usual, as soon as the door closed, light emitted, and when the light subsided, the Boss monster appeared. It was a Metal Raccoon, a creature about two meters tall with tough fur that easily repelled bladed weapons, resembling a raccoon or a tanuki.

“Allen wants to do it!”

“Elena will defeat it~”

“They seem quite motivated~ Is that okay with everyone…—”

(((((Sure thing~)))))

As I was about to say it was okay if Joule and the others had no objections, they interrupted me and agreed. Ah, except for Radian… yeah. Radian tilted his head as if saying, “What~?”

“Well, it is still too early for Radian to fight this Boss… Allen, Elena, go for it. Be careful not to get hurt.”

“”Yay~ we are off~””

Despite being the Boss, Allen and Elena easily defeated the Metal Raccoon, and we completed the conquest of the tenth floor in less than a day.




Chapter 428

“”So warm!””

“Yeah, it’s a bit too warm~”

After conquering the eighth, ninth, and tenth floors in a single day, we took a slightly longer nap before heading to the eleventh floor. I thought it would be nice to return to the town since it’s a nice round number, but everyone was strongly against it, so we decided to continue conquering.

The eleventh floor seemed to be a bit warmer than the odd-numbered floors we’ve been through so far. We were informed that it was about the same, but it seems a little different. We’ll have to make sure not to forget to take breaks for hydration frequently.

(Uwah~ It’s so hot here~)

(Yeah.)

(So hot~)

Joule, Feat, and Radian seemed to be struggling a bit.

“Are you guys okay? What should we do? How about you stay in my shadow?”

(N~ I think we’re still fine here. If it gets any hotter, we’ll obediently retreat to the shadow~)

(Yeah, we can endure a bit longer.)

(… Muu~)

Joule and Feat didn’t seem inclined to go back yet, but Radian seemed unsure.

“Radian, you don’t have to push yourself.”

(… Stay with everyone~)

It seems he didn’t want to be the only one to retreat into the shadow.

“Joule, can you create small ice crystals with your ice magic?”

(Small ones? They’ll melt right away, you know?)

“It’s okay if they melt. Ideally, something like shaved ice. Or can you make it snow, even lightly, with your magic?”

I can use various types of magic, but unfortunately, I can’t use ice magic. So, I’m asking Joule. However, I’m not sure if he can create snow that falls lightly with his magic.

(Ah, I see! That sounds refreshing. Snow, huh~ Blizzards are a no-go, though. I’ve experienced a fierce blizzard before.)

“I must say, let’s not do fierce blizzards.”

(Hahaha~)

… I feel like we would freeze before we could enjoy the coolness.

(Um… ah! There’s a good spell! --Ice Mist.)

Joule, who had been thinking for a moment, seemed to come up with something and used magic, causing powdery snow to dance around.

(Oh, it’s working well. Originally, it’s a magic that blinds the opponent’s vision, but when I weakened it, it turned out to be just right for cooling off.)

“Oh, this is great! You’re amazing, Joule!”

In reality, it would have caused snow to fall so heavily that the surroundings would be completely obscured, but thanks to Joule’s adjustment, it became pleasantly cool.

“”Oh, it’s beautiful~””

(It’s cooler now~ Joule Onii~chan, awesome~)

(You’re welcome. But, even if I say so myself, this is pretty good. From now on, let’s use it occasionally to cool off.)

(Yes, let’s do that. Please take care of us, Joule.)

With a means to cool off in hand, we continued on briskly.

“”Oniicha~n, we found a treasure chest over there~””

(Over there~)

It seems there was a treasure chest. Allen, Elena, and Radian were happily shouting.

“I’ll check for traps, so don’t open it just yet, okay?”

“”(Okay~)””

Once I confirmed that the treasure chest was safe, the children immediately opened it.

““(N~? What’s this~?)””

“Let me see? Is this… a kinchaku for rings or something?”

The contents of the treasure chest was nothing more than a small pouch that could barely hold a single coin.

(What’s a kinchaku?)

(Isn’t it more like a pouch in shape?)

(It’s small, isn’t it?)

(There’s nothing that can fit in here, right?)

(Could it even hold a single gem?)

Joule and the others also gathered around, peering into the treasure chest and pondering the use of the pouch.

--- ---

“Huh!? Oh!”

(Oniichan, what’s wrong?)

“This is a Magic Bag!”

(Oh my! There are even Magic Bags small like this?)

“That’s right. Rather, it doesn’t even have the shape of a bag.”

Upon closer examination with Appraisal, it turned out that the tiny pouch was indeed a Magic Bag. It had a capacity comparable to a small room, and there seemed to be no time delay.

“Too bad. The functionality isn’t that great~”

(So it doesn’t hold much?)

“It’s about the size of a small room. But there’s no time delay.”

(I see~ So, it’s not that easy to come across high-quality magic bags or magic rings~)

“That seems to be the case. Oh, but… I wonder if this size is just right for Mile to carry?—Mile, I can attach a strap if you want to carry it. What do you think?”

While the functionality isn’t great, with a bit of adjustment like adding a strap, wouldn’t it turn into a pochette suitable for Mile? Since Mile is small and carrying things can be tough for her, this might make it easier.

(Is it okay? In that case, I’ll take it!)

“Of course, it’s okay. Give me a moment.”

There aren’t many options, but I believe there were several types of straps in my Infinite Storage. Oh, a ribbon might work too.

“Mile, which one do you like?”

(Well, the magic bag is brown, so… this one would be nice!)

“Got it. Now, about the length… How about this?”

I promptly sewed the beige strap that Mile chose onto the magic bag. This is something I can handle. Having a complete set of sewing tools sure came in handy~

“How does it look like this?”

(It looks great! Thank you, Takumi Nii!)

Mile happily put the flute she had been wearing around her neck into the magic bag.

“Food and perishables won’t work since they can spoil, but I’ll make sure you carry everything else that is necessary. Oh, right! I haven’t given anything to Bolt, either!”

Convenience of transportation! I had forgotten to give Bolt the essential items for daily life and emergency tools. Towels, leather bags, baskets, empty bottles, and knives, though I’m not sure if they’ll be useful. Magic tools like water flasks, glow balls, smoke bombs, and fire stones are necessary. Let’s also prepare some long-lasting medicine just in case. Bolt and Mile can use the mermaid bracelets themselves too, and it wouldn’t hurt to have some money in case of emergencies.

… Just thinking about it, there are quite a few items to prepare~

“We can’t start organizing the luggage here, though… —Alright! Everyone, let’s conquer the eleventh floor quickly!”

“”((((((Yes!))))))””

As per my request, we swiftly conquered the eleventh floor, and then we all brainstormed and organized our belongings.

◇ ◇ ◇

We conquered the twelfth floor rather swiftly and arrived at the thirteenth floor.

“”We caught up~””

“Huh? You caught up…? Wait, you mean with Sieg-san’s group?”

“”Yeah!””

It seemed that Allen and Elena had been chasing after Sieg-san’s “Ice Blade” party. No wonder they were advancing through the floors so quickly.

“… I was just thinking you guys were in the mood to go quick.”

Exploring one floor thoroughly and finding the next one as fast as possible were two different approaches, and the children’s actions varied depending on the circumstances. Right now, I thought they were in a “quick” mood.

“Do you guys want to conquer it together?”

“”Yeah! Let’s go together~””

“I see. But I think Sieg-san’s group is probably somewhere on this floor by now… Will you be able to find them?”

“”Will find them~””

With great enthusiasm, Allen and Elena started walking… They’ll probably find them, I guess~

“”There!””

“Wow~ you really found them~…”

And during our exploration of the thirteenth floor, Allen and Elena discovered the “Ice Blade” party. Even faster than I had anticipated.

“””””Eh!?”””””

The members of Sieg-san’s group who were called out to had their mouths wide open in surprise, seemingly frozen in shock.




Chapter 429

“Haahhh~!? No, no, no, wait a minute! Why are you here!?”

“”We conquered~””

“Yeah, that’s right. You have to conquer floors to get to this place, right!? Wait, that’s not the point! No way!? What kind of trickery did you use!?”

“Trickery~?”

“What’s that~?”

Zeke-san, who was approached by us, was currently in a state of great confusion.

“Oniichan, what’s a trickery?””

“Well, trickery in this context is… a method or a technique that isn’t commonly known, something unusual, I guess?”

Explaining what trickery is in this context is surprisingly difficult. Is this explanation okay?

“”Then, trickery is wrong~!””

“Ah, yeah… I guess so~?”

Simply being extremely fast and not using shortcuts like secret passages, I guess our actions can’t be called trickery?”

“Zeke-san, Warren-san, could there be a substance with hallucinogenic effects around here?”

“I don’t think there’s anything like that.”

“Yeah, nothing like that.”

“No, no, no, please don’t hallucinate. We’re the real deal, you know.”

“”The real deal~””

Waldo-san was looking around nervously and urging Zeke-san and Warren-san. Was he looking for suspicious plants or something like that? In any case, I don’t want us to be dismissed as a hallucination~

“I can’t believe it… but it’s a fact that Takumi and the kids are here~ It’s definitely weird, though!”

“Yeah, you’re right. We knew they were extraordinary, not your average folks, when we talked about it in town, but it seems they’re even more extraordinary than we thought.”

“Warren, Takumi’s extraordinariness is truly abnormal and absurd, but don’t analyze it so calmly at a time like this.”

“Zeke, it’s precisely at times like this that we must stay calm.”

“……”

I’m debating whether I should interject into Zeke-san and Warren-san’s conversation. Once again, what they’re saying is quite harsh to my ears.

“Do you have to say that right in front of the person!?”

“Is it the truth, though?”

“Even if it’s the truth!”

The word “extraordinary” is something I’ve heard from quite a few people, and it’s not that I don’t care about it. I just wish they’d keep it to themselves rather than saying it out loud.

“”Oniichan, are you being bullied~?'”

“No… I’m not being bullied… right? I’m not, right?—Uh, Zeke, Warren, are you deliberately teasing me?”

“”Haha!””

Zeke-san and Warren-san burst into laughter. It seems I was being teased.

“That’s harsh~”

“Sorry, sorry. Your reaction like ‘Oh, not again~’ was just so amusing.”

“But, it seems you are being called ‘extraordinary’ to the point of annoyance.”

“”Often called that~””

Allen and Elena replied with smiles. Well, the word “extraordinary” just means not fitting within certain standards or frames, and it’s not necessarily meant as an insult… so maybe it’s okay to take it with a smile?

“Allen and Elena wanted to join forces with you guys for the dungeon capture. Having said that, let’s go together. Come on, let’s keep going!”

“”Let’s go, let’s go!””

“Allen, Elena, which way?”

“”That way~!””

“All right, everyone, let’s go~!”

At this point, I decided to take the lead and encouraged Zeke-san and the others to move forward.

“”Found it~!””

“N? What did you find?”

“We found~”

“The staircase~”

“””””Huh!?”””””

And as we walked in the direction the children were pointing for a while, we found the staircase leading to the fourteenth floor.

“No way! Is this for real!?”

“… There’s no doubt this is the staircase.”

“Can something like this be found so easily!?”

“Uwah~ we’ve already conquered the thirteenth floor~”

“Impressive, isn’t it?”

Zeke-san and the others were in awe as they gazed at the staircase.

“Well then, how about we rest at the teleportation device area and conquer the fourteenth floor tomorrow?”

“Uh, yeah…”

In reality, it might be the time for Zeke-san and the others to return to town, but taking advantage of their bewilderment, I got their consent to move forward.

“Allen, Elena, that’s great. They will go with us tomorrow, too.”

“”Ya~y.””

(Allen and Elena seem overjoyed~ Still, since we are working with others, you need to be careful, okay~?)

(That’s right. It’s important to have the experience of working with different people, not just with our own group.)

(Being with different people can make you notice things you wouldn’t have with just your family.)

(Ugh~ I want to go wild~)

(Vector, stay obedient for now!)

(Krrr~?)

Joule and the others were also staying with us without hiding, but they were behaving quietly for the sake of the children’s experience of working with others.

“I never thought something like this could happen…”

“”””……””””

--- ---

The next day, we easily conquered the fourteenth floor in just one day. Zeke-san and the others have been speechless all along… I’m worried they might get dehydrated because their mouths have been open for so long due to the heat, but when I make sure the children are hydrated, I see that Zeke-san and the others are also drinking water, so they should be okay.

“”Doing our best~””

And the following day, we headed to the fifteenth floor.

“”Muu~””

As soon as we entered the fifteenth floor, Allen and Elena suddenly frowned and put on unhappy expressions.

“Allen, Elena, what’s wrong?”

“”Smells of alcohol~””

“Huh, really? Oh, you’re right. It’s very faint.”

It was such a faint scent that I wouldn’t have noticed if Allen and Elena hadn’t mentioned it.

“We can’t tell at all.”

It seems Zeke-san and the others couldn’t sense it, and they all tilted their heads.

“Is it this way?”

“”Yeah, that way~… are we going?””

“I’d like to if possible. Is that okay?”

“”… I guess it can’t be helped~””

“Fufu, thanks.”

The children might not like it, but we decided to go check it out in case there might be some new alcohol.

“Oh, I can smell it from here.”

As we walked along the rocky hill with the entrance to the fifteenth floor, we arrived at a place where the smell was quite distinct.

“Is it inside the rock?”

“”A hidden room~?””

“Break the wall~?”

“Or dig a hole~?”

“… Let’s investigate first.”

Since we’ve broken doors to hidden rooms a few times in the past, the children immediately suggested destruction from the start. I did stop them, though.

“”Ah!””

As Allen and Elena tapped on the rocky surface, a certain spot dented. Then, with a loud noise, the rock moved, creating a hole large enough for a person to pass through.

“”Ohh~””

“A hidden mechanism? Amazing.”

“”Amazing, but don’t like~””

“N? Oh, the scent of alcohol has gotten stronger. I’ll go check it out for a moment, so wait here with Joule and the others.”

“”Hurry back~””

“Got it. — Zeke-san, are you coming?”

“Oh, yeah. No, wait a moment.”

Since it seemed like the inside of the hole would be filled with the smell of alcohol, I decided to have the children wait here. When I tried to enter with all of Zeke-san’s group, Zeke-san himself stopped me and arranged for Waldo-san and Nick-kun to stay back with the children.

“There, there it is. That’s it.”

Inside, there was a hollow space big enough for the four of us, and in the center of the hollow, there was a statue of a woman holding a water jug. Transparent water was flowing from the bottle the woman was holding.

“Is that booze flowing from the jug? The scent is definitely that of alcohol… It would be best to take it back and have it examined.”

“Indeed. That’s the sure way to go.”

“Oh, I’ll examine it with my Appraisal.”

I see. Even with such a strong smell of alcohol, it’s not as simple as saying, “I found alcohol!” It seems the usual procedure is to collect a sample of the liquid that won’t be a burden to carry, take it back for examination, and then proceed with collecting it once it’s determined safe. There’s also the possibility of it being poison disguised as alcohol, after all. Well, when it’s something I don’t know, I always start by examining it with Appraisal. It’s the natural thing to do.

“This is… a type of liquor classified as vodka. It has a pretty high alcohol content.”

“Vodka! I’ve never heard of a liquor like that!”

Ah, so it’s a type of alcohol that isn’t commonly found over here. I’ve hardly ever had this kind of alcohol myself, but I was familiar with the name, so it’s good I appraised it before I said something foolish~

“If it’s a new kind of alcohol, we can sell it at a high price. Plus, since we’re the only ones on this floor for a while, we can pretty much monopolize it!”

Whether we disclose this information or not, for now, it’s just the ‘Ice Blade’ party and us who can access this floor, so as Osca-san said, it’s practically a monopoly situation for us.

Moreover, it’s right near the entrance of the fifteenth floor, so coming to fetch it will be very easy. It should be a very good source of income.




Chapter 430

“”Over here~””

For now, I scooped up vodka in large quantities, while Sieg-san and the others took only what wouldn’t burden them, and then we returned to the fifteenth floor’s conquest, led by Allen and Elena.

“Oh, Sieg-san, about the place where we got the alcohol earlier, the Ice Blade party can do whatever you want with it. Whether you keep it secret and monopolize it for profit or freely spread the information about the location, it’s all up to you. Oh, but for now, there’s no one else besides us who can come to this floor, so there might not be any point in disclosing the information, right?”

“””””Huh!?”””””

While walking, I explained how to treat the hidden room we had just found. For some reason, Sieg-san and the others widened their eyes and looked surprised.

“Nonono! Takumi… what are you saying?”

“Huh? Well, because we’re not going to be in this dungeon forever, right? It’s best to do it the way that suits you guys. Oh, but please let us have the right to come occasionally to get some alcohol.”

I’m fine with just being able to come and get vodka whenever I want. However, I don’t drink vodka much, so I don’t think it will be used up quickly. Oh, but I wonder if Tristan-sama, Lionel-sama, and Wald-san, for example, will drink? And also, Kaiser seems to like alcohol, so maybe the consumption will be moderate?

“Nonono? That won’t do!”

“What won’t? Is it because I want to come and get some?”

“That’s not it! It’s about what you said before! The part where you said we can do as we like!”

“Oh, that part? Is it not allowed? Even though I’m saying it’s okay?”

“Yeah, it’s not allowed.”

Well, I expected this kind of reaction. …I had some hopes that the response might end with, “Is that okay? Thanks a lot!” though, but it seems that’s not the case.

“Then, could you arrange to send vodka to the Count Ruven’s house in the Royal Capital at regular intervals? I’ll pay for the service and delivery fees.”

“That’s normally something you would ask us to cover! Why would you be covering it!? And did you say the Count’s house!? Were you guys nobles!?”

“No, we’re different. The Ruven family is our supporter… Oh, in that case, it might be a good idea to send some to the Risner family as well. Please arrange deliveries to the Count Risner’s house in the town of Bailey too!”

“… Takumi, that’s just too much information.”

Sieg-san and the others, despite their exhausted expressions, eventually agreed to handle the arrangements for delivering the vodka they had collected to the Ruven and Risner families.

“While we appreciate the opportunity to earn money, we’ll make sure to arrange the deliveries properly.”

“Thank you.”

At the very least, they agreed to send five barrels to the Ruven family and two barrels to the Risner family every month. The number of barrels and the frequency of deliveries were set as the minimum standard, but it could vary depending on Sieg-san and the others’ circumstances. After returning to town, they would show the vodka to the Adventurers’ Guild and figure out how to handle it, including setting the selling price, which hadn’t been determined yet.

For now, all I had to do was inform the two houses regularly that the alcohol would be delivered. Oh, and Lionel-sama might want to get involved in the selling aspect, so I should send a letter to the castle.

The teleportation magic tool is proving useful already.

“”Found it~””

“Uwah! Sieg-san, that’s the boss room door.”

While discussing various matters, it seemed that Allen and Elena had found the boss room on the fifteenth floor.

“You found it already!?”

“Well, it’s not ‘already’ considering the distance we’ve walked. It’s more accurate to say we arrived here in a straight line.”

“Aren’t you too efficient!?”

“Hahaha~ so what do we do? Do we go in like this?”

The battles along the way had been mostly handled by Allen, Elena, Joule and others… or rather, they had been snatched, so Sieg-san and the others weren’t too fatigued. Therefore, we decided to take only a short break before entering the boss room.

“”It’s a turtle~””

“… This fella, huh~”

“A tough one that.”

The boss on the fifteenth floor was a B-rank Heat Archelon, a turtle-like creature about three to four meters in size.

Sieg-san had a weary expression. Since it was a turtle monster, it was probably quite tough.

“! The steam’s coming!”

“Getting grazed is bad too! Keep your distance!”

As if launching a preemptive attack, the Heat Archelon sprayed steam from a hole in its shell.

It was probably over a hundred degrees.

“Allen, Elena, are you okay?”

“We fine~”

“Dodged it~”

The children seemed to have listened carefully to Sieg-san and Warren-san’s warnings and managed to avoid the steam.

“”But you know, Vector is~””

“Vector?”

(Oniichan, Vector is over there, completely covered in the steam~)

“Haah~!?”

Surprised by Joule, who finished Allen and Elena’s sentence, I quickly looked for Vector’s figure.

And there, Vector was enjoying himself near the Heat Archelon.

“… Oi, Vector. Are you okay?”

(Yeah, it feels really good~)

“……”

I see. Vector’s fur not only didn’t let sharp objects pass through, but also seemed to be resistant to heat.

… It seems worrying was pointless.

--- ---

“Um… What’s the plan?”

“Well, about that… Do you think your group can handle it on your own? If so, can we just watch? We’ll come up with a strategy and challenge it again next time. Of course, we don’t need the loot, so please.”

“If Sieg-san and the others are okay with that, then we… I mean, who’s going to go?”

Sieg-san and the others seemed to want to fight with their own strength. Since they offered to watch, we decided to take on the battle ourselves.

(It looks tough, so magic rather than physical attacks, right~? And maybe water and ice attacks instead of fire? So Oniichan, can I, Allen, and Elena go?)

“”Will work hard~””

(Ehh~)

Vector was the only one opposing it, but Joule’s argument seemed correct, so we entrusted the children and Joule with the task.

(Allen, Elena, let’s finish it off quickly!)

“”Yeah~! —Water Jet.”

(Freeze.)

Allen and Elena released a stream of water towards the Heat Archelon, and then Joule followed with an ice magic. As a result, the Heat Archelon covered in water froze solid.

(How’s that?)

“”How’s that?””

However, cracks started to appear in the ice around the Heat Archelon. And eventually, the ice shattered completely.

(Oh, it’s surprisingly tough, huh~)

“”But is it weakened?””

(Yeah, it seems like our attacks are working, so can we freeze it solid if we do it one more time?)

“”Let’s do it! —Water Jet.””

(Freeze.)

Since the Heat Archelon had clearly weakened after breaking free from the ice, Allen, Elena, and Joule used the same method once more.

(Does it look okay this time?)

“”Defeated~””

(We defeated it, but… it didn’t drop any items, did it? Why is that? Is it still alive?)

“”Huh~?””

The ice sculpture of the Heat Archeon was completed without any issues.

However, for some reason, the Heat Archeon, which should have been defeated, disappeared and didn’t drop any loot… Could it be that they didn’t defeat it completely? Is it still alive within the ice?

“Whoa! Could this be a Gift From the Dungeon!”

“A gift from the dungeon? What’s that…”

“I don’t know why, but occasionally, instead of dropping items like this, the remains are left behind. People call these ‘Gifts From the Dungeon.'”

“I see, I didn’t know that could happen.”

Oh, so they call it a “Gift From the Dungeon” when items don’t drop~

Does it mean the dungeon encountered an error? Or is it some sort of reward?

Anyway, it seems that the frozen Heat Archeon is not alive within the ice, and its entire body is considered loot.

“Let’s see.”

“”Is gone~””

I tried putting it in the Infinite Storage, and it went in normally. Since it went into the Infinite Storage, which can’t hold living creatures, it’s safe to say the kids did defeat it.

“It seems to be properly dead. Allen, Elena, Joule, well done.”

(I’m glad. I had no idea such things could happen in a dungeon~)

“”Didn’t know either~””

“Yeah. It’s a good thing we found out when Sieg-san’s group were with us.”

Dungeons are mysterious places in the first place, and having one more mystery doesn’t change much, but if it had been just us, it would have been even more confusing. So, it’s really fortunate that we found out at just the right time.

“Well then, shall we just check out the sixteenth floor and then return to the town?”

“Yeah, that sounds like a plan.”

We decided to only check out the sixteenth floor and return to the town , as we couldn’t push Sieg-san and the others any further.

“Uwah~ it’s so hot in here.”

As soon as we entered the sixteenth floor, Oscar-san uttered with displeasure.

The temperature had risen even further, making it seem like conquering this floor would be even more challenging.

“Hmm, Allen, Elena, how about we wrap up this dungeon?”

“”Ehh~ ending?””

“Yeah, we can endure it to some extent, but everyone seems to be struggling. We won’t stop going into dungeons altogether, so let’s try another advanced dungeon instead.”

“”Ugh~… okay~””

Since the kids agreed, we decided to stop the capture of the “Dungeon of Scorching Heat” on the fifteenth floor and leave the rest to Sieg-san and his team. They seemed to plan on exploring the thirteenth to fifteenth floors for a while, so the conquest would halt at the fifteenth floor. Well, considering that there’s no information available beyond this point and the uncertainty regarding the vodka situation, it’s a reasonable decision.

“Takumi, if anything happens, contact us immediately. We’ll lend our assistance.”

“Hahaha~ thanks in advance for that.”

Feeling like we might get caught up in trouble, we decided to stay away from the Adventurers’ Guild.

So when we returned to the town, we bid farewell to Sieg-san and his team and headed to our inn.




Chapter 431

(Takumi~? Can you hear me~?)

“Oh, Kaiser?”

“”Kaiser!””

As we finished conquering the Dungeon of Scorching Heat and were resting in the town of Gista, we received a telepathic message from Kaiser. Upon realizing that Kaiser had contacted me from my response, Allen and Elena showed excited expressions.

(Kaiser, I can hear you. Could it be that you’d like to meet up?)

(Umu, I’ve finished my immediate business, so I’d like to meet up for sure.)

(I see. Well, we’re currently at an inn in a certain town~ If we summon you here… will there be any light or something?)

(Ah~… I wonder about that?)

Summoning was different from calling forth a contracted beast from within the shadow, so I had a hunch that there might be some light emitted or something similar.

“… Now then, what should we do?”

“”Go to the sea~!””

“N? You want to go to the sea?”

“”Yeah, wanna go! And wanna show to Radian, too!””

“I see.”

As I pondered what to do, Allen and Elena expressed their desire to go to the sea. While they hadn’t been to the sea for a while, it seemed they wanted to show it to Radian too.

(Kaiser, can you wait until tomorrow morning? We’re leaving the town in the morning, so we can meet up then, okay?)

(Umu, I can wait until that time. I’ll be prepared and waiting, so give me a call.)

(Alright, see you tomorrow then.)

And so, the next morning, we left Gista, riding on the backs of Joule and Feat, heading straight south toward the sea. Once we reached a secluded spot, I called Kaiser and attempted the summoning.

“Ohh~ Takumi, it worked.”

We were able to successfully summon Kaiser in humanoid form. However…

“… Yesterday, it was a good call not to try this in the middle of the town.”

(It produced quite a flashy light, didn’t it?)

As Joule pointed out, it did emit a substantial amount of light. Moreover, it was that bright even in broad daylight, so if we had tried it in our inn’s room in the evening… it would have surely caused a commotion.

“I’m glad we know that now.”

We had planned to go to the sea and interact with Kaiser there, but we wanted to try summoning to see how it was done. It was a good decision to try it out.

“Kids, just as promised, I’ve prepared a souvenir for you.”

“”Dragon!?””

“Huh!?”

“Umu, a Blue Dragon. I just obtained it yesterday, so I’m sure the freshness is not an issue.”

As I stood in shock, Kaiser took out the corpse of a Blue Dragon. It was a snake-like dragon with blue scales, appearing to be around twenty meters long. It was roughly the size of the Evil Viper, or perhaps slightly larger.

“”((((((Wow~!))))))””

Even though this one was supposed to be a… lowly individual among dragons, I didn’t think he’d really hunt a dragon as a souvenir.

“”Kaiser, thank you!””

“Umu, umu, this much is no problem.”

Kaiser, while puffing out his chest in response to the children’s gratitude, seemed a little bashful.

--- ---

“Still… it’s quite fresh, isn’t it? Feels like it was just defeated.”

“Umu, it’s probably because of this.”

“That! Kaiser, that must be a Magic Ring, right?”

“Indeed. I found it when I searched the lair. This one seemed to be the most functional, and it slowed down time considerably. With this, I can bring back some of Takumi’s cooking when I return!”

Finding a Magic Ring hidden in the Dragon’s lair is quite extraordinary. And the fact that he could bring back my cooking with it was both a reason for joy and a source of bewilderment for me.

“I brought various other good things as well.”

Kaiser took out jewelry and gems from the Magic Ring and scattered them on the ground.

“Whoa~ are these all magic accessories?”

“I brought items that seemed to have good functionality, so feel free to use them.”

“Huh?”

“It’s a souvenir for you, Takumi.”

“N?”

“The dragon is a gift for the kids, and these are for you, Takumi.”

“What!?”

Kaiser’s words left me speechless once again.

“No, no, no! These are all really great items, you know!”

“They were just lying around in the lair. Don’t worry about it.”

“I do worry!”

I guess this is how it feels to be on the receiving end of a gift!

(Oniichan, are there any Magic Ring among these?)

“Umu, there is more. They are inferior to the one I’m using, but I think there were two of them. Let’s see… it was this one and this one, I believe.”

(I thought so! Since you said earlier that you were using the one with the best functionality, I suspected there was more. Hey, Kaiser, is it okay for us to use them?)

“Of course, it is.”

The conversation between Kaiser and Joule continued.

Rather, I couldn’t help but be amazed that Kaiser had three Magic Rings! Impressive!

(By the way, how is their functionality?)

“This one can store a considerable amount, but it only slightly slows down time. This one here slows time down about as much as mine, but has a smaller capacity.”

(Oh, that’s still quite a useful function—Oniichan, is it okay if we let Feat and Vector carry these?)

“… Sure. Is it okay with you, Joule?”

(We just have to find another one for me, so it’s fine. Vector can have the one with more capacity, and Feat can have the one that slows down time more, right?)

Joule’s suggestion made Vector ecstatic, and Feat seemed pleased, albeit more reserved. And once again, the conversation naturally progressed.

(Oh, but Vector, make sure to keep the Magic Ring empty all the time. Anything you obtain, like monsters or fruit, give it to Oniichan right away.)

(Yeah! I promise! With this, even if I collect a lot of souvenirs, I can bring them back!)

(If even one spoiled item comes out of your Magic Ring… it’ll be confiscated, okay?)

(I-I got it!)

Joule spoke in a particularly low voice and warned Vector to faithfully keep the promise.

I had hesitated about letting Vector carry the Magic Ring, but I thought it should be fine to try.

“Well… Kaiser, we will gratefully accept the Magic Rings.”

“Not just the Magic Ring but anything else as well, please use them as you see fit. If you don’t take them, I’ll just leave them here.”

“… I’ll gratefully accept them.”

… I was subtly threatened.

I wonder if Wald-san felt this way too~ Wald-san, I’m really sorry.

But I probably won’t change in the future, so I hope you’ll understand~

“Oh, right. Kaiser, this is Radian, a new addition to our family. Radian, this is Kaiser. He’s a member of our family. Right now, he’s in human form, but he’s a dragon called a Leviathan.”

“Oh, a Gryphon child, huh! Takumi, you always bring interesting beings into your family~ I’m Kaiser. If you ever need help, don’t hesitate to ask.”

“Kaiser Onii~chan? Ojii~chan?”

“Mumu? That’s a tricky question! Based on my current appearance, I’d say I’m a little older than Takumi, so ‘Oniichan’ should be fine. But in terms of age, ‘Ojiichan’’ maybe?—Takumi, which one is it?”

“No, no, no! ‘Ojiichan’ is out of the question!—Radian, call him ‘Oniichan’!”

(N? Alright~)

I know the cause! Matthias introduced himself to Radian with “I’m your Ojiichan~”! And similarly, Rebecca addressed herself as “I am your Obaachan~”

… I don’t think there will be many opportunities for Radian to directly talk to middle-aged women, but I’ll make sure Radian doesn’t accidentally call one “Obaachan.”

“… I’m a little tired.”

Despite the day having just begun, I was feeling a bit worn out.




Chapter 432

“Dragon meat.”

“When will we eat it?”

“Huh? N~…”

To eat it, we needed to dismantle it. However, dismantling a Blue Dragon… If we asked the Adventurers’ Guild for help, it would likely cause a commotion. So, do we need to dismantle it ourselves?

“Can I… even dismantle it?”

“”Can’t you?””

“Cleanly and efficiently… might be difficult. But if I just cut off parts, like scales and skin from a certain area and remove the bones, would that work?”

“”Then, let’s do that!””

“Alright, alright. I’ll cut a managable portion we’ll eat and left the dismantling for later.”

I selected a portion small enough to handle and stored the rest of the dragon in the Infinite Storage for dismantling at a later date.

“That’s it for now. We’ll dismantle the rest when it’s time to eat.”

“”Yeah.””

“Well then, Kaiser. You would be basically returning to where you came from, but we were planning to head to the sea.”

I informed Kaiser of our plans.

“If I can accompany you guys, it doesn’t matter where we go. If you’re going to the sea, how about visiting the Blue Waters Shrine? The folks there have been wanting to see you again.”

“The Miko Himesama and others? Come to think of it, we haven’t seen them since leaving Bailey. We haven’t introduced Joule and the others, either. Shall we go?”

“”Let’s go~””

The plan was set in motion, even though we had only decided to go to the sea.

“Alright, let’s go~”

I mounted Joule, while Allen and Elena rode Feat.

Kaiser remained in human form and hopped onto Vector.

(Let’s go~)

“Ohh, you’ve got some strong legs there.”

It was Vector’s first time carrying a passenger on his back, and he eagerly galloped with a speed befitting the word “dash.” What’s more, Kaiser handled the ride with ease and composure.

Once we reached the sea, it was time for a long swim. While Joule and the others had played in shallow waters and lakes before, they had never done a full-fledged long swim. However, with Radian included, they quickly picked up the skill.

“Hello, it’s been a while.”

“”Hello~””

“Oh my! You came, welcome!”

Upon arriving at the underwater mermaid village, the Miko Himesama, the village chief Gard-san, and the mermaid Mirena, whom we had met the first time we were here, warmly welcomed us.

“Thank you for the mermaid bracelets. Thanks to them, my Contracted Beasts could come along today.”

“They are splendid Contracted Beasts~ and your little contract beasts are so adorable~ I’m glad the mermaid bracelets have been useful~ Do you have enough of them? I’ve prepared a few more since just in case, and I can give them to you later.”

“No, no! There are still some left, so we have plenty.”

“Well, you seem to have plans to increase the number of your Contract Beasts, so please take them!”

“Ehh~…”

“Besides, it’s okay to pass them on to your acquaintances, Takumi-sama.”

“That’s very kind of you…”

Predicting an increase in Contracted Beasts… That’s quite a prediction. Oh, but we have plans for a wyvern, so it’s not that of an overstatement?

Well, as for me, I’m happy to have an expanding family.

“Miko Himesama, don’t forget to give them that as well.”

“Oh, right!”

“That?”

“National costume? Can I call it that? We have prepared traditional attire that the Merfolk like for you and the children, Takumi-sama.”

Among the Merfolk, some wore swimsuit-like attire befitting the image of mermaids, while others donned a more traditional robe-like outfits. When she mentioned “national costume,” it was likely referring to those robes.

“Here you go.”

It seemed that Mirena-san promptly brought over the clothing.

Indeed, it was the robe-like attire. But there was also a yukata-like outfit.

“This one is for relaxing at home.”

--- ---

The yukata was probably meant for lounging.

“I had various things made for myself as well. In fact, the attire I’m wearing now was made by the Merfolk.”

“Oh, really?”

“Fufu, we thought our attire would stand out in human towns, so we used Takumi-sama’s clothes as a reference to create them.”

“No wonder it looked similar!”

I had thought it was just a coincidence, but it seemed they had used the clothes I was wearing as a reference.

“”Wana wear!””

“Of course. I’ll help you change. Which one would you like to put on?”

“”Both!””

Mirena-san agreed to assist Allen and Elena with their clothing. First, they decided to try on the traditional robes. Despite the intricate craftsmanship, it seemed like they could easily be slipped on.

“”How is it?””

“Oh, it suits you both~”

(Yeah, yeah, it looks great~)

(It’s different from your usual style, but I think it suits you very well~)

“”Yay~””

The kids didn’t exactly have a traditional Japanese appearance, but they surprisingly looked good in the Japanese attire as well.

“But, maybe it’s better not to walk around town wearing that?”

“”Why~?””

“Because you’d stand out due to its uniqueness.”

It would definitely attract a lot of attention.

“”What about parties?””

“Parties? Oh, for a birthday party or something, it might be fine. But I think we should consult with Rebecca-san first. If we make it more flashy…”

“”Okay~”

“Then, I’ll prepare ceremonial attire for you! It’ll be extra sparkly and elegant!”

“”You will!?””

“Yes, leave it to me.”

“”Thank you!””

It seemed they also had more elaborate ceremonial attire available, and Allen and Elena quickly agreed to have those made.

“Takumi, how does it look?”

“”How?””

“It suits all three of you very well. It looks very comfortable.”

The kids had also tried on the summer kimonos (jinbei), and for some reason, Kaiser had joined in the excitement.

“But… we’re just receiving gifts~”

“You don’t need to worry about that at all. We’re indebted to you in many ways.”

Since our trip to the sea was decided rather suddenly, we hadn’t prepared any souvenirs or gifts.

“But it’s making me somewhat uneasy~ Oh, do you eat fruits?”

“Oh my! We’re delighted.”

“You have fruits we’ve never seen before~””

I took various kinds of fruits out of my Infinite Storage, and the Miko Himesama and Mirena-san seemed quite pleased. Since they didn’t have easy access to fruits, I provided a generous amount.

“Miko Himesama, haven’t you forgotten something important?”

As the conversation settled, Gard-san whispered something to the Miko Himesama. She appeared to have suddenly remembered and looked a bit flustered.

“My, oh my, I completely forgot!”

“What’s the matter?”

“Takumi-sama, there’s something I’d like to request from you.”

“A request? What is it?”

It seemed there was something she wanted to ask me about.

“That… Takumi-sama, could you visit the Cerulean Shrine?”

“The Cerulean Shrine?”

A term I wasn’t familiar with came up.




Chapter 433

“The Cerulean Shrine. It’s a settlement of merfolk who live in a palace made of sea crystals with a slightly different hue from here.”

“Heh, so there are shrines other than the Blue Waters Shrine?”

“Yes, there are several scattered throughout the ocean. However, we do not have interactions with every settlement, so I can’t give you an exact number.”

“Heh~.”

So, there are other merfolk settlements~ It seems that there are other places in addition to the Cerulean Shrine

“So, what’s the matter with the Cerulean Shrine?”

“Well, it’s a very impolite request, but…”

The Shrine Princess seemed very hesitant, her gaze wandering.

“I can refuse if I don’t want to do it, so could you please tell me first?”

“Well, um, we would like you to help with the garbage collection at the Cerulean Shrine!”

“Ehh!?”

The request was unexpectedly about garbage collection.

“Well… you see, the garbage is a problem in every settlement… and, during a conversation with the people from the Cerulean Shrine… that…

“Miko Himesama accidentally mentioned that you had helped us with the collection.”

“Goodness! Gard! I told you to keep that a secret, didn’t I!?”

“The people from the Cerulean Shrine are in regular contact with us, and the idea was brought up to formally request Takumi-sama’s assistance. I’m really sorry for our Miko Himesama.”

“Gard~…”

“Hahaha~”

It seemed the cause of this request was the Miko Himesama’s unintentional revelation. Although she said “unintentional,” it wasn’t as if I had asked her to keep it a secret.

“N? Ah, but even if it’s garbage collection…”

“I think the contents are similar to what’s here.”

I remember that it was mostly things like shells, bones, seaweed, and so on… all of which had some use. And, above all, there were many oversized pearls, which should be rare by nature~

“While I can accept the collection itself…”

“You’re opposed to it, after all?”

“No, it’s not that I’m opposed to it.”

“Oh?”

The things I collected here before are still inside my Infinite Storage at the moment.

So, it would only mean more items gathering dust.

“Let’s see~ I’d like to visit the Cerulean Shrine, so I’ll accept the request.”

“Oh my! Really!?”

This Blue Waters Shrine made of sea crystals is beautiful, and the idea of a shrine with a different color is intriguing.

“Yes.—Is everyone okay with that?”

“”((((((Yeah.))))))””

“Umu. If we can go together, I’m fine with anywhere.”

It seems I have made the decision on my own, but since everyone agreed, I decided to go to the Cerulean Shrine.

◇ ◇ ◇

“Please come visit us again.”

“”Yeah, see you again~””

“Thank you for everything.”

After staying overnight at the Blue Waters Shrine, we decided to head to the Cerulean Shrine the next day.

Moreover, by that time, the ceremonial clothes were ready and were handed to us along with the mermaid bracelets.

(Alright, let’s go.)

“Ah, yeah, please. But go safely please.”

We decided to ride on Kaiser’s back as he transformed back into a dragon.

Additionally, two people from the Blue Waters Shrine joined us, serving as guides and intermediaries with the merfolk there.

However, for some reason… they were wrapped in Kaiser’s tail.

It turns out that he didn’t want anyone but us on his back.

(I think we’ve arrived, it’s around here, right?)

“Y-yes, we’re already close.”

(Fumu. In that case, from here, I’ll take on a human form.)

The Cerulean Shrine was located to the west, near the Regulus Empire.

When we got close to the Cerulean Shrine, Kaiser transformed into a human form. Well, it would probably cause a commotion if a Leviathan approached the merfolk settlement in its original form.

“By the way, what happened when you first arrived at the Blue Waters Shrine?”

“Nu? Well… it caused a bit of a commotion, but it worked out once I explained that I was an acquaintance of yours.”

“……”

--- ---

So, it did cause a commotion. But in the end, it seems things worked out, which is good.

“There was no other choice! I didn’t have any clothes with me at that time. Even I, knew better than to wander around naked as a human. It was an unavoidable situation!”

“Ahh~ That’s certainly true.”

“Right?”

“N? By the way, what happens to your clothes when you transform back and forth?”

In his natural form, well, he’d be naked. I had been watching when Kaiser transformed back to his original form and when he took on a human form, I realized that he was already wearing clothes. His clothes weren’t torn or damaged when he changed back either.

“It’s thanks to this!”

Kaiser happily pointed to his right ear.

There was something like a piercing on his ear. Could it be some kind of magic item?

“Can I appraise it?”

“Of course.”

With Kaiser’s permission, I used Appraisal on the item, and I found out that the earring was a magic item for changing equipment.

“… Equipment change?”

“Umu, indeed. This is a magic item that allows me to instantly put on or change into clothes that have been registered with it!”

It seems that Kaiser uses the equipment-changing magic item when transforming into a human to put on clothes and removes it when changing back to his original form.

Furthermore, this magic tool can be used not only for changing in and out of regular clothes but also for instantly changing into combat attire.

“Wow~ so there are magic tools like that, too. That’s really convenient.”

I typically have no significant difference between regular attire and combat gear, but I think this magic tool would be incredibly useful for people who need to switch into armor for battle.

“Yes, when I found this in my lair, I was really pleased. With this, there’s no worry about tearing clothes anymore.”

… At the very least, there was one time when he transformed back to his original form while still wearing clothes and ended up tearing them.

(Oniichan, Oniichan! Let’s look for this equipment-changing magic tool along with the magic rings!)

Joule proposed collecting equipment-changing magic tools with shining eyes.

“N? I do think it’s a handy magic item, but… do you want it that much?”

(Yeah! We might learn the Humanization skill too, right? For times when we need it, I want to collect them in advance!)

Not only Joule but the rest of the Contracted Beasts were also nodding eagerly.

While it’s unclear how to acquire the Humanization skill, they know that such a skill exists, so it seems Joule and the others are aiming to acquire the skill.

They want to be well-prepared for when they do acquire it.

“Understood. We’ll look for it in the dungeons, but we should also keep an eye out in shops and auctions.”

“Allen will help too~!”

“Elena will do her best too~!”

(Okay, we will leave it to you, Oniichan, Allen, and Elena too!”

Allen and Elena also offered their assistance while hugging Joule.

If Joule and the others could humanize, the future would likely be even more fun than it is now~

“Oh, I’m sorry for keeping you waiting.”

We had gotten lost in our conversation, and we had kept the merfolk guide waiting.

“Nono, it’s not a problem at all. Thanks to Kaiser-sama, we arrived here quite early.”

“Indeed. Since we overheard your conversation, we will inform the Miko Himesama about the matter of the equipment-changing magic tools, and we’ll keep it in mind as well.”

“Oh, you don’t have to do that.”

“We are very grateful to Takumi-sama for all the help he’s given us, so this is a small matter for us.”

“Is that so? Well then, please just keep it in mind.”

“”You can count on us!””

Finding an equipment-changing magic tools doesn’t seem like an easy task, so having more people looking for it is honestly appreciated.

So, I’ll ask them to search, and once they find it, I’ll make sure to reward them properly.




Chapter 433

“The Cerulean Shrine. It’s a settlement of merfolk who live in a palace made of sea crystals with a slightly different hue from here.”

“Heh, so there are shrines other than the Blue Waters Shrine?”

“Yes, there are several scattered throughout the ocean. However, we do not have interactions with every settlement, so I can’t give you an exact number.”

“Heh~.”

So, there are other merfolk settlements~ It seems that there are other places in addition to the Cerulean Shrine

“So, what’s the matter with the Cerulean Shrine?”

“Well, it’s a very impolite request, but…”

The Shrine Princess seemed very hesitant, her gaze wandering.

“I can refuse if I don’t want to do it, so could you please tell me first?”

“Well, um, we would like you to help with the garbage collection at the Cerulean Shrine!”

“Ehh!?”

The request was unexpectedly about garbage collection.

“Well… you see, the garbage is a problem in every settlement… and, during a conversation with the people from the Cerulean Shrine… that…

“Miko Himesama accidentally mentioned that you had helped us with the collection.”

“Goodness! Gard! I told you to keep that a secret, didn’t I!?”

“The people from the Cerulean Shrine are in regular contact with us, and the idea was brought up to formally request Takumi-sama’s assistance. I’m really sorry for our Miko Himesama.”

“Gard~…”

“Hahaha~”

It seemed the cause of this request was the Miko Himesama’s unintentional revelation. Although she said “unintentional,” it wasn’t as if I had asked her to keep it a secret.

“N? Ah, but even if it’s garbage collection…”

“I think the contents are similar to what’s here.”

I remember that it was mostly things like shells, bones, seaweed, and so on… all of which had some use. And, above all, there were many oversized pearls, which should be rare by nature~

“While I can accept the collection itself…”

“You’re opposed to it, after all?”

“No, it’s not that I’m opposed to it.”

“Oh?”

The things I collected here before are still inside my Infinite Storage at the moment.

So, it would only mean more items gathering dust.

“Let’s see~ I’d like to visit the Cerulean Shrine, so I’ll accept the request.”

“Oh my! Really!?”

This Blue Waters Shrine made of sea crystals is beautiful, and the idea of a shrine with a different color is intriguing.

“Yes.—Is everyone okay with that?”

“”((((((Yeah.))))))””

“Umu. If we can go together, I’m fine with anywhere.”

It seems I have made the decision on my own, but since everyone agreed, I decided to go to the Cerulean Shrine.

◇ ◇ ◇

“Please come visit us again.”

“”Yeah, see you again~””

“Thank you for everything.”

After staying overnight at the Blue Waters Shrine, we decided to head to the Cerulean Shrine the next day.

Moreover, by that time, the ceremonial clothes were ready and were handed to us along with the mermaid bracelets.

(Alright, let’s go.)

“Ah, yeah, please. But go safely please.”

We decided to ride on Kaiser’s back as he transformed back into a dragon.

Additionally, two people from the Blue Waters Shrine joined us, serving as guides and intermediaries with the merfolk there.

However, for some reason… they were wrapped in Kaiser’s tail.

It turns out that he didn’t want anyone but us on his back.

(I think we’ve arrived, it’s around here, right?)

“Y-yes, we’re already close.”

(Fumu. In that case, from here, I’ll take on a human form.)

The Cerulean Shrine was located to the west, near the Regulus Empire.

When we got close to the Cerulean Shrine, Kaiser transformed into a human form. Well, it would probably cause a commotion if a Leviathan approached the merfolk settlement in its original form.

“By the way, what happened when you first arrived at the Blue Waters Shrine?”

“Nu? Well… it caused a bit of a commotion, but it worked out once I explained that I was an acquaintance of yours.”

“……”

--- ---

So, it did cause a commotion. But in the end, it seems things worked out, which is good.

“There was no other choice! I didn’t have any clothes with me at that time. Even I, knew better than to wander around naked as a human. It was an unavoidable situation!”

“Ahh~ That’s certainly true.”

“Right?”

“N? By the way, what happens to your clothes when you transform back and forth?”

In his natural form, well, he’d be naked. I had been watching when Kaiser transformed back to his original form and when he took on a human form, I realized that he was already wearing clothes. His clothes weren’t torn or damaged when he changed back either.

“It’s thanks to this!”

Kaiser happily pointed to his right ear.

There was something like a piercing on his ear. Could it be some kind of magic item?

“Can I appraise it?”

“Of course.”

With Kaiser’s permission, I used Appraisal on the item, and I found out that the earring was a magic item for changing equipment.

“… Equipment change?”

“Umu, indeed. This is a magic item that allows me to instantly put on or change into clothes that have been registered with it!”

It seems that Kaiser uses the equipment-changing magic item when transforming into a human to put on clothes and removes it when changing back to his original form.

Furthermore, this magic tool can be used not only for changing in and out of regular clothes but also for instantly changing into combat attire.

“Wow~ so there are magic tools like that, too. That’s really convenient.”

I typically have no significant difference between regular attire and combat gear, but I think this magic tool would be incredibly useful for people who need to switch into armor for battle.

“Yes, when I found this in my lair, I was really pleased. With this, there’s no worry about tearing clothes anymore.”

… At the very least, there was one time when he transformed back to his original form while still wearing clothes and ended up tearing them.

(Oniichan, Oniichan! Let’s look for this equipment-changing magic tool along with the magic rings!)

Joule proposed collecting equipment-changing magic tools with shining eyes.

“N? I do think it’s a handy magic item, but… do you want it that much?”

(Yeah! We might learn the Humanization skill too, right? For times when we need it, I want to collect them in advance!)

Not only Joule but the rest of the Contracted Beasts were also nodding eagerly.

While it’s unclear how to acquire the Humanization skill, they know that such a skill exists, so it seems Joule and the others are aiming to acquire the skill.

They want to be well-prepared for when they do acquire it.

“Understood. We’ll look for it in the dungeons, but we should also keep an eye out in shops and auctions.”

“Allen will help too~!”

“Elena will do her best too~!”

(Okay, we will leave it to you, Oniichan, Allen, and Elena too!”

Allen and Elena also offered their assistance while hugging Joule.

If Joule and the others could humanize, the future would likely be even more fun than it is now~

“Oh, I’m sorry for keeping you waiting.”

We had gotten lost in our conversation, and we had kept the merfolk guide waiting.

“Nono, it’s not a problem at all. Thanks to Kaiser-sama, we arrived here quite early.”

“Indeed. Since we overheard your conversation, we will inform the Miko Himesama about the matter of the equipment-changing magic tools, and we’ll keep it in mind as well.”

“Oh, you don’t have to do that.”

“We are very grateful to Takumi-sama for all the help he’s given us, so this is a small matter for us.”

“Is that so? Well then, please just keep it in mind.”

“”You can count on us!””

Finding an equipment-changing magic tools doesn’t seem like an easy task, so having more people looking for it is honestly appreciated.

So, I’ll ask them to search, and once they find it, I’ll make sure to reward them properly.




Chapter 434

“Alright, shall we go now?”

I swam alongside the people of the Blue Waters Shrine for a while. After passing through a barrier similar to the one in the Blue Waters Shrine, a crystal castle with a green tinge appeared before us.

So that’s the Cerulean Shrine, huh? It looks similar in structure to the Blue Waters Shrine but with a different hue, yet it’s still quite impressive.

“”Oh~ this is beautiful too~””

(It’s a bit green, just like its name suggests.)

(Even though they’re made of the same kind of gem, it’s a bit strange that the colors are different, isn’t it~?)

The children exclaimed in admiration.

“Welcome, please come in.”

I was welcomed by an elderly man, about Gard-san’s age.

“My name is Takumi. Um… I’ve come here on a request introduced to me by the Miko Himesama of the Blue Waters Shrine.”

“I’m Finn, the Chief of the Cerulean Shrine. Thank you for making the journey. Would it be alright for you to meet our Miko Himesama first?”

“Y-yes, of course.”

We parted ways with the guides from the Blue Waters Shrine here, and under the guidance of Finn-san, we entered the Cerulean Shrine.

“Miko Himesama, I have brought them.”

“You must be Takumi-sama, right! I heard that you’ve accepted our request. On behalf of the merfolk of the Cerulean Shrine, I would like to express my gratitude. Thank you very much.”

The Miko Himesama of the Cerulean Shrine was older than the Miko Himesama of the Blue Waters Palace, roughly the same age as Mirena-san, with green hair and green eyes.

“No, no, it was a simple request, so it’s no trouble at all. Can we take care of the request right away?”

“Aren’t you tired?”

“No at all.”

“I see.—Finn, please show them the way.”

“Understood.”

So, I was guided by Finn-san to quickly complete the garbage collection request.

“”Do you think there are any pearls~?””

“N? Kids, what are pearls?”

“”Jewels!””

“Fumu, do merfolk throw away jewels?”

“Kaiser, don’t get the wrong idea! Pearls aren’t considered jewels for merfolk. Pearls come from seashells, and the round and shiny ones are considered jewels by humans.”

I hurriedly explained to Kaiser to prevent any misunderstandings caused by the children’s explanation.

“Seashells? Humans consider them jewels~? That’s strange.”

“Well, if you call them seashells, it does sound a bit strange.”

As we talked, it seemed we had arrived at the cave that served as the garbage disposal area.

“”Ah!””

Allen and Elena noticed something and rushed over.

“”Found pearls~””

“Ah~ it looks like we did find some after all.”

“”Kaiser~ take a look.””

Sure enough, there were pearls here as well, and Allen and Elena picked up several and showed them to Kaiser.

--- ---

“So, these are pearls, huh? Well, these don’t have that feeling of translucency, but if you look closely, they’re quite beautiful.”

“”Yeah! They’re beautiful!””

“It seems there are a lot of large pearls here~”

“”Plenty of souvenirs!””

“… Well, we can only take the smaller ones as souvenirs, we can’t gift the larger ones~”

Even if there were many pearls, there wasn’t much use for them, so I preferred smaller ones for souvenirs. That sentence might have sounded a bit extravagant, though.

“Allen, Elena, do you remember the size of the pearls we used to make jewelry for Rebecca-san?”

“”Remember~!””

“In that case, could you gather pearls of that size with a nice shape? We can use those as souvenirs.”

“”What color~?””

“They can be all white or in various colors, it doesn’t matter.”

“”Understood~””

Before stashing them all in the Infinite Storage, we sorted out pearls for souvenirs.

“There are quite a few big ones here~”

Ironically, there were some golf ball-sized pearls rolling around. Perhaps it would be best to crush the larger ones into powder? I think there was a product called “pearl powder,”… but I have no idea what it’s used for.

“”Is this size okay?””

“Yeah, that should be fine. Now, after this…—”

Once we finished picking pearls, the rest could be quickly put into the Infinite Storage. This would complete the request. I casually checked what we had collected, and it was mostly seaweed for medicine, shells, stones, and bones that could be used for crafting. Very little of it was truly trash. We could easily dispose of the small amount of actual garbage by burning it when we returned to land.

“This went so smoothly…”

“We relied heavily on our abilities.”

Finn-san seemed astonished as he observed our actions. There might be very few individuals with the aptitude for time-space magic, making it a rare sight among the relatively small merfolk population.

“So, can we consider the request complete?”

“Y-yes! Oh! What should I do?!”

“Eh, what’s the matter!?”

“… We didn’t discuss the reward for the request.”

“Ah~…”

Come to think of it, I had assumed that “the garbage itself is valuable to us” and considered it the reward. But it seems that’s not the case.

“Umm… no need for a reward. We can make use of various items we found here, some of which can be sold, so we’ll profit sufficiently.”

“That won’t do! What we had here may be useful to you, but that’s separate from the reward.”

“Ehh~”

It looks like this situation won’t be resolved without a further discussion about the reward.

“Takumi, you did the job, right? So, shouldn’t you receive compensation?”

“Even though I said it’s a job, all I did was store it.”

“But it’s something the others couldn’t do, right? In that case, I believe you deserve a compensation for this labor.”

“……”

It was quite unusual to see Kaiser, who seemed to be the least interested in matters like labor and compensation, advising me. Quite strange.

“Well, um… how about you rest now that the matter is done after we report to the Miko Himesama? Yes, let’s do that! We can discuss the reward after you rest!”

“… Yes, that sounds good.”

Perhaps noticing the awkward atmosphere I was creating, Finn-san nervously suggested our future plans. So, we returned to the Cerulean Shrine to report to the Miko Himesama.

“Oh my! Is it already done!?”

The Miko Himesama was very pleased, and the discussion about the reward came up once again. As for that, the matter was settled by receiving magic tools that the Cerulean Shrine had in storage after our rest.




Chapter 435

After spending a night at the Cerulean Shrine, the following day, we left and went for an underwater stroll.

“”Teiya~!””

When Allen and Elena spotted monsters, they swiftly swam towards them, changing their postures along the way and kicking with both feet while maintaining their momentum.

(Mumu. Underwater combat is indeed challenging~ I can’t switch my movements as smoothly as they can.)

(Allen-chan and Elena-chan are really skilled at this, aren’t they?)

(In my case, I just need to plunge my head, or rather my beak, into things, so I don’t need to change my posture. It’s not a problem. But Joule and the others can’t just dive in headfirst, obviously.)

(Kuh! I’m going headfirst, no matter what!)

(I’m definitely not cut out for underwater combat! Everyone, do your best!)

(Radian can’t do it~ Takumi Onii~chan, let’s play~)

Joule and the others have only gone underwater twice this time. Their swimming has improved significantly, but unfortunately, they still seem inexperienced in underwater combat.

“If you do it a few times, you’ll get used to it!”

Kaiser was diligently supervising the children. Although underwater combat is probably something Kaiser is used to… that’s when he’s in the form of a Leviathan. Can he fight in human form? Well, if it comes down to it, he can always revert to his original form, so it might not be a big deal if he can’t.

“Kaiser, can you keep an eye on the kids… especially those who are actively fighting?”

(Umu? I don’t mind, but are you going somewhere?)

(Mile, Radian, and I are going to gather some things. It’s hard to come by underwater items, so we’re going to search for various things.)

(I see. Understood, leave them to me.)

(Yeah, please.—Mile, Radian, shall we go explore the seabed?)

(Let’s go!)

(Play~!)

I took Mile and Radian, who seemed a bit bored, and headed to the seabed. However, we weren’t that far away, so I could still see the kids splashing around overhead.

“Radian, don’t stray too far.”

(Got it~!)

Since Radian was still swimming somewhat clumsily at the seabed, I warned him not to wander too far, as there were monsters down there.

(There are lots of seaweed!)

“Oh, it’s kelp and wakame.”

(What, what~? Can we pick these~?”

“Yes, we can. Radian, can you help too?”

(Yeah, will help!)

Mile quickly found common seaweed, so I, along with Mile and Radian, gathered plenty of it.

(Takumi Nii, look at this! This seaweed looks like a vegetable!)

(N? Oh, you’re right. This is… Water Greens?”

As I was gathering seaweed, Mile found something that looked like vegetables. It was called Water Greens.’ However, the watercress I knew in this world was called “Blue Greens,’ so it must be a different plant.

(Is it edible?)

“Yeah, it seems safe.”

This plant called Water Greens that grew on the seabed seemed similar to jute mallow. Well, just the fact that it was growing underwater made it different from the vegetables I knew.

(Anyway, let’s collect it!)

“Yeah, we won’t know if it’s delicious until we try it.”

It might turn into a slightly salty ohitashi with just boiling, so let’s gather as much as we can.

“Yay~! A big one is coming!”

As we were collecting Water Greens, I heard Vector’s excited cry.

(Vector is having a blast!)

“By ‘big one,’ he means a monster, right? What’s coming…—!?”

--- ---

I looked at Vector, wondering what had happened, and saw a Sea Serpent approaching from the direction of Vector’s gaze.

(What’s tha~t?)

“That’s a Sea Serpent. It’s, um… a snake-like monster, I guess.”

(Strong?)

“Yeah, I think it’s quite powerful.”

It does have a resemblance to a Leviathan in terms of appearance, but it’s not a dragon. Well, in the category of sea monsters, it’s probably one of the stronger ones.

But well, it shouldn’t be too much trouble for Vector.

“Ah, but, depending on his swimming skills, it might be a bit challenging?”

(Even if it’s challenging, I don’t think he will lose!)

“You are right there.”

(Vector Onii~chan, do your best~)

It might take some time to defeat it, but I can’t imagine him losing.

“Oh, he went straight for it~”

(That’s so like him!)

Vector went straight towards the approaching Sea Serpent and collided head-on.

“Wow, that was quite a bold move~”

(Vector is really tough! That would normally hurt anyone else!)

“Indeed~ Oh, he’s biting now.”

Seems like a head-on collision wasn’t enough to finish it off, so Vector successfully bit the motionless Sea Serpent’s neck. Then, he vigorously shook the Sea Serpent with all his might.

(Ah, the Sea Serpent went limp!)

“I thought it would be a bit more of a struggle, but he defeated it surprisingly easily~”

(Vector Onii~chan, so amazing~)

Radian, who was excitedly watching Vector’s heroics, swam towards Vector.

“I should remind Radian not to mimic that fighting style.”

(Those moves are only possible because it’s Vector! He must never try to imitate them!)

I’ll make sure to caution Radian not to imitate Vector’s combat style out of respect and admiration.

(Niichan, did you see that?)

“Yeah, I was watching. You took down a big catch effortlessly.”

(Ehehe~ The stuff I killed, I immediately put it in my magic ring, so I’ll give it to you later.)

“That’s right. Your ring doesn’t affects the flow of time.”

(I have to keep my promise with Joule, or he might confiscate it, so if I ever forget, make sure to remind me, Niichan!)

“Hahaha~ understood. I wouldn’t want to receive it here, so I’ll take it as soon as we reach the land.”

Joule’s threats seem to be having a solid effect, as Vector was committed to fulfilling the conditions for holding onto the magic ring.

(I wonder if Sea Serpent is delicious. I’m looking forward to eating it~ Ah, I’ve spotted Sand Crabs! Niichan, I’ll be right back!”

As soon as Vector spotted the next prey, he swam towards it.

(Vector is quite busy!)

“Well, isn’t that just the way he is? While I do get surprised or exasperated by Vector’s actions at times, I have a feeling that if he suddenly became polite and well-behaved… I’d be thrown off balance~”

(That is true!)

He may be a bundle of trouble, but Vector being Vector is the most comforting.

“Now then, are you guys satisfied yet?”

“”Satisfied~””

“Alright, let’s head to the land before it gets dark.”

“”Yeah~””

After encountering the Sea Serpent, we continued to hunt monsters and gather seaweed for a while, obtaining a good haul. We decided to head to the land before the sun set.




Chapter 436

“Now then, where should we go~”

“”Nniyu?””

As I pondered where to go, whether it be to the land or not, Allen and Elena looked at me with curious expressions.

“Well, you see, the nearest coastline from where we are is a country called the Regillus Empire, a place we’ve never been to. So, I am debating whether to go there or return to the Guardia.”

“”New place!””

“Shall we take a look at the Regillus Empire, then?”

“”Go!””

And so, with the destination decided by Allen and Elena’s words, we headed to the Regillus Empire.

“”Here~?””

“Yeah, this is the Regillus Empire. The nearest town is… Glad town. Well, let’s head to the town tomorrow.”

“”Staying overnight~?””

“Yeah, let’s camp here today, or rather, find a place for our house.”

“”Yay~ Staying overnight~””

Since we’re here, I thought we’d camp tonight and maybe have a beach barbecue. We got plenty of seafood, after all.

“For dinner, let’s grill various sea ingredients~”

“”Will eat lots~””

(Niichan Niichan, I want to eat the Sea Serpent too! Oh no! I haven’t given my loot to you, Niichan! Niichan, take it, take it~~~)

Vector hurriedly took out everything from his magic ring and stacked it up to hand it over.

“Whoa~ there’s quite a lot~

“Oniichan, Allen’s too~”

“Elena’s too, please~”

“Ehh!?”

(Niisama, please also take what I have.)

(Aniue, please take mine as well.)

“Uwah, wait a moment!”

Next, Allen and Elena, Feat and Bolt also took out their spoils from the magic bags and magic rings. When materials piled up to make a small mountain by one were gathered by several people, it became quite a sight to behold. So, I hurriedly stored the materials in the Infinite Storage.

“… You’ve defeated quite a number of monsters, huh?”

“Did our best!””

I would like them not to try too hard. After all, the level difference is… well, I guess giving up is the best option at this point.

“Well, Takumi, store what I’ve gathered too.”

“Huh, why!? Your magic ring has a slow time and a considerable capacity, no?”

For some reason, Kaiser was trying to hand over materials to me too.

“Indeed, that is true, but even if I have the materials, I have no use for them!”

“If they can be used as ingredients, wouldn’t it be fine to have them?”

“My usual meals consist of living monsters! So, I don’t like eating what I have killed before! Oh, if it’s your cooking, it’s very welcome, though!”

“… I can’t return everything as cooked dishes.”

“Yes, I understand. It would make me happy if I could keep some dishes when I leave.”

“Got it. Also, what about selling non-food items and buying street food in town?”

“Ohh! That’s a good idea too!”

I decided to take Kaiser’s materials as well, and I’ll handle the selling part. Kaiser can’t become a Guild member anyway.

“So… what were we doing before this?”

Due to the impromptu luggage organization, I forgot what we were doing before.

(Niichan! Sea Serpent!)

“Oh! Right.”

Vector was talking about wanting to eat Sea Serpent. I took out the Sea Serpent stored in the Infinite Storage.

“If we’re going to eat it, we need to dismantle it.”

By the way… grilling on the beach is about grilling freshly caught seafood on the shore, right? Can Sea Serpent be considered seafood? If it falls under the category of sea creatures, it is acceptable, no? In that case, can I include a Blue Dragon too?

“”Wanna dismantle!””

“Dismantle? What do you want to dismantle?”

“”Sea Serpent!””

“Ehh~!?”

At Allen and Elena’s sudden announcement, I involuntarily took a second look at the children’s faces.

--- ---

“Nonono, this is big, and… probably tough?”

“”Will do our best!””

“… Ehh~”

“Can these children dismantle a monster of this size?”

“Huh? Well… yeah, they’ve seen the dismantling of snake-like creatures several times, so they should remember the procedure.”

“We remember~”

“We studied~”

The creatures the children had actually dismantled were not numerous in terms of variety. However, since they had observed someone dismantling carefully and had studied from books, they should be fine with the procedure.

“I shall lend my strength. While I haven’t done dismantling before, if you give instructions, I will act accordingly. In that case, it should be fine to let the children do it.”

“”Yay~! Thank you, Kaiser!””

“All good.”

For some reason, in no time, the children were ready to dismantle the Sea Serpent.

“No, wait a minute…”

“Leave the Sea Serpent to us, Takumi. You can prepare the Blue Dragon.”

“Nn!?”

(Oh, we can eat dragon meat! Exciting!)

(Niisama, do your best!)

“… Alright.”

I couldn’t refuse the expectant gazes from everyone. Honestly, I also want to try Blue Dragon meat, so I took out a portion of the Blue Dragon that I had dismantled from the Infinite Storage.

As a signal, the children, with knives in hand, confidently headed towards the Sea Serpent with Kaiser.

“For now, let’s start with peeling the skin, shall we?”

The Blue Dragon’s parts were of circular slices around the middle of its body. So, after making a cut, I peeled the skin from the cut like carving. The result was a rectangular piece of leather with scales!

After that, I divided the parts into blocks, excluding the bones.

“All right, I guess that’s it~”

I further cut it into pieces for easy grilling, and the Blue Dragon was ready.

“”Oniichan!””

Around the same time, it seems the children had finished their work and called out to me with excitement.

“”We’re done~””

“Huh? Already!?”

It seems the children have finished dismantling the Sea Serpent, a whole body’s worth. Even though it was smaller than the Blue Dragon, it was larger than the part I prepared, you know?

“Takumi, this is the skin we peeled off in its entirity.”

“Oh, yeah… thanks.”

The efficient teamwork of the three seems to have improved the efficiency of the work. I received the skin from Kaiser a bit bewildered and stored it in the Infinite Storage.

“Oniichan, store the meat too~”

“Oniichan, these are for eating~”

Allen and Elena handed over the meat they divided into blocks. Moreover, the meat for eating was in steak-sized pieces!

“Allen and Elena, you guys are amazing~”

“”Amazing?””

“Yeah, you work fast, and the dismantled parts are clean. You did a great job~”

“”Ehehe~””

Well, to be able to do this much at their age is truly rare, I think. My children who can do so much make me want to find something they can’t do in return… Perhaps I feel that way because I’m frustrated?

“Well then, let’s make a meal after cleaning up.”

“”Yeah!””

When in a complicated mood, the best way to forget is to eat something delicious.




Chapter 437

“For now, let’s stick with just salt and pepper. If you want sauce or other flavored salt, let me know.”

“”((((((Sure thing!))))))””

“Mhm.”

Since the number of people has increased, I feel a bit uneasy about the amount that can be cooked with the hot plate I currently have. It might be better to increase the number of hot plates or make a larger one. For now, let’s also make use of the regular stove and frying pan set. And then… like in the beginning, we can either skewer the meat around the bonfire and cook it over an open flame.

“Is it ready?”

“Can we eat?”

“N~ looks good.”

“”Yay~! Let’s eat~!””

First, let’s start with the Sea Serpent meat.

“”Delishhh~~~””

“Yeah, it’s tasty.”

Whether Sea Serpent is classified as meat or fish is unclear to me, but it has a meltingly fatty texture and a light taste.

“This looks done as well.”

“”Eat, eat~””

Next, we have the Blue Dragon meat.

“”Nn~~~””

“Wow~~~ this is beyond delicious. I can’t find any words other than ‘delicious’ to describe this.”

(Dragons are yummy!)

(So delicious~)

(It’s very tasty.)

(Delish! This is so good!)

(It’s yummy!)

(Nyam, nyam~)

I thought Sea Serpent was delicious, but the Blue Dragon was even better. Anyway, the only word that came to mind was “delicious.”

“Hmm, so this is the taste when you cook it. It’s tasty raw, but this is also tasty!”

Perhaps because Kaiser was accustomed to eating dragons, he savored the taste thoroughly and compared it to what he had before.

“… But, this is how lower-rank dragons taste, huh?”

“Other dragons!”

“Are even yummier!?”

Even without me expressing it in words, the children understood what I meant and their eyes sparkled.

“Moreover, there are dragons of attributes other than water~”

“”Ah! That’s right!””

(I see! And when it comes to higher-ranking dragons, the taste might be different!)

(Would a Red Dragon, for example, taste any different?)

(I want to compare them~)

(I’ll definitely hunt them! Niichan, let’s go where dragons might be!)

(Someday, I want to try eating them!)

(Dragons, yumm~)

There are six attributes among the higher-ranking dragons, including water, fire, wind, earth, light, and dark.

“I promise I’ll get you a Water Dragon eventually. So, when you get dragons other than the water attribute, be sure to let me taste them!”

“”We’ll do our best!””

“No, no, no! It’s definitely intriguing, but you don’t have to work hard for that!”

“”Ehh~~~””

“Even if you make that dissatisfied face, we won’t casually go to places where dragons are likely to live.”

At this rate, they would be running towards unexplored regions or something. I can’t overlook that, so stopping them is the only option. I’m really curious, too! But I can’t agree with that.

“”Then! Then! Won’t it come attacking us~?””

“Attacking? Wait, attacking!? … Hey, don’t say something so ominous! But if we were attacked… would you fight? No, depending on the place, wouldn’t you run away!?”

“Ehh~ let’s fight~””

“Oh, come on! Let’s put the dragon talk on hold for now. Look, the next batch is ready. Shrimp, scallops, and such. So, let’s eat rice now~”

“”Ah, will eat, will eat!””

Since I might lose if I continued the conversation, I decided to focus on the meal for now.

--- ---

“Look, the crabs are done too~”

“”Everything looks so yummy~””

… Did I succeed in diverting the conversation?

(Oniichan, does this meat look done, too? Can I eat it?)

“Yeah, it looks good. Go ahead~”

“Allen will eat too!”

“Give some to Elena too!”

The Sea Serpent and the Blue Dragon meat were delicious, but since fresh seafood was also tasty, the children quickly became engrossed in their meal.

“”It was yummy~””

“Both of you ate a lot~”

“”Couldn’t stop eating~””

Allen and Elena were rubbing their stomachs, indicating they were so full that they almost couldn’t move.

I’m sure the children’s bellies are pleasantly round by now.

(… Ate too much, feeling a bit uncomfortable.)

(… Me too.)

(… Same here.)

(… Ugh~ can’t eat anymore~~~)

(… My stomach is full~)

(… Can’t move~)

“I am very satisfied!”

Not just the two of them, but Joule and the others also ate a lot, and they laid down while complaining “I can’t eat anymore~~~”

“So, let’s stop around here… even though I told you to stop.”

“”But~ it was so deli~sh.””

I admit that I also ate a bit too much, but not as much as everyone else.

After all, there’s still meat left, and if I want to eat more, I can do it anytime.

“Come on, it’ll be dark soon. Let’s look for a place to set up the house. If you want to lie down, you can lie down as much as you want there. We’re moving now.”

Setting up a house right in the middle of the beach would attract attention, so I want to find a slightly more secluded spot.

“”… Oka~y.””

As I urged everyone to move, the children began to move at an unexpectedly slow pace, like I’ve never seen them before. It was really slow, almost sluggish. Unusual. I thought they couldn’t move much at this rate, so I decided to set up the house in the shade of nearby rocks. This is originally an unpopulated place, so it doesn’t seem likely that anyone will see us once it gets dark.

“Come on, this way.”

I stood at the entrance, and before the children passed through the door, I used magic to clean them up. They were all covered in sand from lying on the beach.

“… Wah~”

Once inside the room, each one found their favorite spot to lie down.

It was the first time for Radian and Kaiser to enter this house, but they found comfortable spots and lay down.

“… Really unusual.”

Even so, the fact that the spot I usually use stayed vacant was just a coincidence, right?




Chapter 438

“”Oniichan, Oniichan.””

“… N? Good morni… Huh? Eh, it’s still dark!?”

The next morning, I was awakened by the children… and the surroundings were still dim.

“It’s not morning yet, is it?”

“It’s just after sunrise.”

“You are already awake too, Kaiser!?”

“Umu, I don’t need much sleep.”

It seems they woke me up with the sunrise.

No… if the sun is starting to rise, is it technically morning?

“Anyway… isn’t it a bit too early?”

“”Ehehe~ woke up early~”

Since we went to bed early yesterday, it seems they woke up early as a result.

“Well… I was planning to wake up early today, so it’s fine~”

Since everyone was still full and couldn’t move much, I set the house in the compromise of a shady, rocky area. So, I had planned to pack up the house early.

“Now then, yesterday everyone seemed like they were about to burst with a full stomach, but are you guys up for breakfast?”

“”(Will eat!)””

“(((((Breakfast!)))))”

“Hahaha~…”

Seems like they have a good appetite. Got lively responses from everyone.

“Yesterday, there were fewer vegetables, so… I’ll focus on vegetables in the morning.”

“”Got it~””

“… I’m not a big fan of vegetables, but if it’s Takumi’s cooking, even vegetables might taste good. Umu, I don’t mind!”

Grilling various vegetables, bacon, and sausages, seasoning them with everyone’s favorite sauce or salt, we ate them with white bread.

“”Depa~rt!””

After a short break after the meal, when it finally became brighter, we decided to head to the town of Glad.

“I can see the town.”

(Well, then, this is where we part ways.)

(I want to stay together a bit longer, but it would be too conspicuous if a large group like ours entered the town.)

(That’s true. It can’t be helped, but this is where we part ways.)

(Too bad. But you’ll go back to a dungeon soon, right? I can endure it if that’s the case.)

(Over~? I wanted to play more~)

(Radian, it’s okay! We’ll see each other again soon!)

Joule and the others said their farewells to me and the children, and then disappeared into my shadow.

“Is it okay for me to stay with you?”

“Of course, it’s fine. But let me know before you’re about to revert to your non-human form.”

“Of course! But, Takumi! I’m evolving every day.”

“Huh?”

“I can now revert to my shrunken state when undoing my humanoid form!”

“!”

Kaiser proudly puffed out his chest, and suddenly, he reverted to his non-human form. He turned into a Leviathan about the size of my arm… well, more like a snake.

“”Ohh~”

(How about that? I struggled a lot to achieve this level of Shrinking.)

“”Amazing~””

“Yeah, well, it’s impressive, but… it’s a bit surprising when it happens suddenly. I wish you’d say something before reverting to non-human form.”

(Umu?)

Kaiser reverted to his humanoid form again.

“I apologize for that~ But now, it should be fine for us to stay together for a long time, right?”

“That’s right. But you never know where people might be watching, so be careful when changing.”

“Umu, I’ll be careful.”

“Alright, let’s go… oh!”

“””N?”””

Just as I thought, “Well, let’s depart!” I noticed a problem. Startled by my sudden exclamation, the children and Kaiser tilted their heads in confusion.

--- ---

“Kaiser, go back to your shrunken monster form after all.”

“Hmm?”

“Kaiser doesn’t have identification, so he can’t enter the town!”

“””Ah!”””

As I explained the problem, all three of them unintentionally exclaimed.

“So, pretend to be my familiar.”

“Oh, right.”

Kaiser transformed again into the sna… I mean, the shrunken Leviathan form, wrapping around my neck.

“Whoa! It’s a bit cool~”

(Is there a problem?)

“No, it’s fine. Just stay like this until we enter the town.”

(Alright, understood.)

With that, we headed towards the town. Well, we were questioned a bit at the gate, but we managed to bring Kaiser into the town of Glad safely.

“”What to do~?””

“For now, I want to revert Kaiser… maybe take some back alleys.”

(I’m fine staying like this.)

“If possible, wouldn’t you want to explore the town together?”

(… If it’s possible?)

To transform Kaiser back into humanoid form, we deviated from the main street, took an unpopular back alley, and he transformed.

“Sorry for the trouble.”

“No problem, I don’t mind this much.”

“”No probs, not at all!””

“Alright, then… where to first?”

“”Umm… the shrine?””

“Oh, right. Let’s go greet them first.”

Upon the suggestion of the children, we decided to head to the shrine first.

(Takumi-saa~~~n!)

“Uwah!”

“”Nniyu?””

As we entered the shrine, Syl’s scream echoed, and I couldn’t help but let out a surprised exclamation. The children looked up at me with curious expressions.

“It’s nothing. I will go give my greetings, so you two wait here for a bit.”

“”Okay!””

“Kaiser, come with me for a moment.”

“Umu, okay.”

Leaving the children to their usual freedom, I took Kaiser with me towards the shrine’s statue.

(Syl, don’t suddenly shout like that. It startled me.)

(S-Sorry. But, but! I thought you’d come to visit me in the town of Gista! I couldn’t meet you!)

(Oh! Sorry, I completely forgot!)

(Ugh~… Even though I was looking forward to meeting you…)

I initially expressed my complaint about the sudden loud greeting, but I ended up being scolded in return.

… In the town of Gista, huh? I haven’t thought of visiting the shrine at all there.

(I’m really sorry. But, you know, Syl, it’s not like I promised to… go to the shrine every time we arrive in a new town… right?)

(……)

(……)

(……)

(……)

It’s not like I made a promise with him to visit a shrine every time. So, when I tried to counter with that, Syl fell silent.

(Uu~… please come to visit~)

After a while of mutual silence, Syl, unable to bear it any longer, made a pitiful request.

(I can’t promise always, but I’ll try. Is that good enough?)

(… Okay~)

I always think about it, but… Syl is technically my superior, right?

I feel like I’m being cheeky. There won’t be any… punishment or anything, right? It should be okay, right?




Chapter 440

Having cleared our worries and left the temple, and strolled through the town.

“”That looks yummy!””

“Umu, it certainly does.”

As soon as we entered the main street, the kids, as if called by the food, approached a stall.

Moreover, without even seeing what they were selling, they made somewhat odd statements.

“… You haven’t even looked at the merchandise yet, have you? If so, at least say it smells delicious.”

“”It smells good~!””

“Umu, it smells delicious.”

When I pointed it out, all three immediately corrected their statements.

“That’s right. So, judging by the smell, I think they’re grilling fish…”

“”Will go ask~!””

Allen and Elena, who were walking slowly, suddenly dashed towards the stall.

“Allen, Elena, what happened?”

“”Found arrowfish~!””

“Oh, arrowfish, huh~”

Arrowfish, huh? It’s a magical creature, shaped like a fish dart.

Moreover, they were selling it grilled whole with salt. Come to think of it, we have obtained plenty of arrowfish fillets in the dungeon, but I’ve never had a whole one grilled.

“So, you can encounter arrowfish around here, huh?”

“If you go out to sea from the coast over there and head west, there’s a place that seems like the arrowfish’s nest. Be careful if you approach by boat. They’ll jump to sink the ship.”

“… I see.”

They must jump out of the sea with tremendous force, just like when we encountered them in the Dungeon of Ripples… However, the way arrowfish attack is quite daring, isn’t it~ If they jump and get stuck in an awkward place, it seems like they might not come off easily and remain in that state.

“But if you can prepare a sturdy shield that won’t break or get them off when they’re stuck, capturing them alive is easy!”

“… Huh?”

Collecting arrowfish deliberately impaled on a shield.

That’s quite a risky fishing method~

“So, what do you think? Are we going to eat them?”

“Well, we are going to eat them, right?”

“”Eat~””

“I want to eat too!”

“How much are you planning to eat? One per person… Allen and Elena, are two too many for you guys?”

If we’re going to start eating various things, there’s no doubt Allen and Elena will want more than one each. Well, I don’t think it’s a problem for Kaiser, though.

“Allen and Elena will share one~”

“Will eat together~”

“I’ll take one for myself.”

“Then I’ll have one too.—Uncle, please give us three.”

“Sure thing! Here you go!”

We received the arrowfish. With a rod-like structure at the tip of the head and a tail fin, we tried eating it by biting into it as instructed.

“I thought it might be difficult to eat with all the bones, but… it’s surprisingly easy.”

“That’s right. That’s why this way of eating is possible!”

The thick spine served as a straight skewer, and with hardly any small bones, it was quite easy to eat.

“It’s delicious.”

“Oh, that’s good to hear!”

“Takumi, Takumi, is it okay if we buy some more?”

“So you like it too, Kaiser”

“Yeah, I think it’ll go well with the Nippy Liquor you gave me, so I want to try eating it while drinking next time.”

“Oh, I see~”

--- ---

Certainly, sake and grilled fish would make a good combination.

So, after buying up the currently grilled arrowfish, we started walking to find the next stall.

“By the way, Kaiser. Do you still have any sake left?”

“……”

While walking, I suddenly asked Kaiser about something. In response, Kaiser remained silent and subtly averted his eyes. This reaction… it seems the sake I gave him is all gone.

“You finished it, huh? Well, that’s fine. I’ll share more with you.”

“Takumi! Thank you!”

“I also have some new alcohol, so you can have that too.”

“Ohh!”

Judging by his reaction, Kaiser seems to be fond of alcohol. This time, if I share sake like Nippy Liquor with Kaiser, my stock will probably run low, so I need to remember to fetch more when I go to the Royal Capital next time.

“By the way, what happens if you drink alcohol when you’re in human form?”

“I revert back to my dragon form.”

“Okay, so when you’re in human form and acting with us, alcohol is off-limits.”

“… Can’t be helped.”

Kaiser had a face of “very disappointed” about the alcohol ban. However, well, perhaps he understood the risk, as he seemed to accept it properly.

“”Oniichan, Oniichan, next is that one~!””

“Yeah, that looks delicious too.”

While Kaiser and I were talking, the kids had diligently found another stall. They called out to us when our conversation paused.

“Takumi, what’s that?”

“That’s sausages.”

This time, it seemed that they wanted to try Frankfurters-like sausages.

“Will you guys have one each, or will you share one?”

“”One each~””

“Got it. Kaiser, is one sausage enough for you, or do you want more?”

“For now, just one will do.”

“Got it.—Alright, sir, give us four.”

“Sure thing! Be careful, they’re hot.”

I ordered four, including mine, and they were handed over quickly.

“”Fuu, fuu…””

Certainly, it was not a good idea to gulp them down immediately. The kids were blowing on them to cool them off.

“Umu, these are delicious too!”

However, Kaiser was already eating without concern for the heat.

Even though he’s a water attribute, I wondered if he’d get burned, but Kaiser had the Abnormal Status Resistance skill, so maybe that’s why he didn’t get burned.

Hmm? Does that mean he won’t get drunk from alcohol like me? Then, perhaps getting drunk didn’t cause him to revert to his dragon form. Maybe he just became more relaxed, and his control became lax? If that’s the case, then drinking alcohol in the town is definitely a bad idea.

“”It’s delish~””

“Yeah, this is tasty too.”

The sausages had a crispy skin, were juicy, and delicious, so we bought up what was available here as well.

After that, we continued to explore the stalls, sampling various foods. We peeked into shops, bought barrels of fruit wine for Kaiser, and searched for unfamiliar ingredients before finally looking for an inn to stay at.




Chapter 441

"”Good morning~ Wake up~"”

"...Mmm~"

The next morning, I was once again awakened by the children early. Well, it's still a bit lighter outside than yesterday, so it seems like a little later.

"Good morning. You're up early again. Did you sleep well?"

"”Slept well~"”

"What are we~”

"Doing today~?”

They seem full of energy, having gotten enough sleep.

"Phew~... right. Near this town, there's an advanced dun—"

“"Let's go!"”

"...-geon, so……… of course, you'd say that."

I was about to ask if they wanted to go to the dungeon, but they answered before I could finish. I understand they want to go, but I'd like them to let me finish speaking.

"Kaiser, too... Do you want to go to the dungeon together with us?"

"Yes, going together is good."

Kaiser, who was lying in the bed next to mine, was also awake and had an excited expression.

So, we decided to head to the 80th labyrinth, known as "Precious Stones."

"What kind of dungeon is it?"

"It's of the Earth element. Considering it's called the ‘Dungeon of Precious Stones,' maybe we can find gems and such?"

Since it was right near the town, we walked towards the dungeon without calling Joule and the others yet.

“”Nniyu?””

"N?"

"Umu?"

As the place that seemed to be the dungeon came into view, for some reason, a large crowd had gathered there.

“”Many people?””

"Yeah. It's a huge crowd. Wait... not everyone there is an adventurer, right?"

"Hmm? There are people wearing fancy clothes, not just those in adventurer-like attire, but also people in regular clothes and others dressed like nobles."

As Kaiser pointed out, there were people in outfits resembling adventurers with armor, as well as those in everyday clothing and individuals dressed in high-quality noble attire.

"Is that... the reception?"

As we approached the entrance of the dungeon, there was a tent-like structure with a line formed in front of it.

"Oh, excuse me! I'd like to ask something..."

"Hm? What is it?"

"We're adventurers from the Guardia Kingdom, and we're a bit curious about the situation here. This is the entrance to the dungeon, right?"

For now, I decided to catch someone who seemed like security and ask them about the situation.

"Oh, adventurers from elsewhere. You must be surprised by this situation."

"Yes, we're quite surprised by the number of people. We were wondering what's going on here.”

"Of course you do. If you're from another place, you'd find this situation surprising. The first floor of the Dungeon of Precious Stones hardly has any monsters, and it's a remarkably spectacular place. That's why it's turned into a tourist attraction."

"A tourist attraction!?"

"Yeah, that line is for the entrance reception."

Surprisingly, the "Dungeon of Precious Stones" had become a tourist attraction.

"So, does the entrance reception mean we have to go there before entering the dungeon?"

"That's right. This dungeon is completely managed by the country."

"Wow~"

Moreover, it was fully managed by the country, and it seemed you couldn't enter without going through the proper procedures. Well, if they don't keep track of the number of people entering the dungeon, they might face difficulties were something to happen.

“”Can't enter?"”

"No, it seems we can enter after we go through the reception, but..."

It's only the first floor that has become a tourist attraction, right?

"Excuse me. How can we proceed to the higher floors beyond the second floor? Is it not allowed?"

"No, it's fine for adventurers. However, there's always someone at the teleportation gate between the first and second floors, confirming those who want to proceed."

Seems like they're making sure that ordinary people don't accidentally go to the second floor.

"Oh, by the way, it costs two large copper coins to enter the dungeon."

So, they're collecting an entrance fee. Well, when you think about it, two large copper coins... that's about half the cost of a meal. It's actually a reasonably cheap entrance fee considering they have reception and security personnel stationed at both the entrance and the teleportation gate. The staffing costs for that many people, especially considering it's a 24-hour operation, would add up.

"But... I feel like two large copper coins wouldn't cover all the staffing costs and such."

"It's impossible to cover all of it. However, not managing it and having numerous incidents would be more of a problem, so it's a necessary expense."

"... I see."

It seems like it's a remarkably challenging dungeon to the point where leaving it unattended could lead to numerous incidents.

"This dungeon is worth a look. Since you've come all this way, you should definitely check it out."

"Yes, you're right. We'll make sure to see it. Thank you for telling us about it."

After expressing gratitude to the security personnel who informed us about the dungeon, we headed towards the reception line.

"Putting aside dungeon capture for now, I plan to enter and explore the first floor of this dungeon first… Is that okay?"

“"Yeah, that’s fine!"”

"I'm fine with it, too. I'm curious about a dungeon that attracts this many people."

Since the children and Kaiser were okay with it, we paid the entrance fee at the reception and finally entered the "Dungeon of Precious Stones."

“”””Ohhh~””””

As we entered the dungeon, we couldn't help but exclaim in admiration.

“”Amazing~””

"This is really incredible."

Inside the dungeon was a forest-like area, but it was a forest made entirely of gem-like substances.

"Are these all crystals... or maybe diamonds?"

As we were told before entering the dungeon, it was truly worth seeing.

"Niichan, is this your first time in this dungeon?”

"Yes, it is. We're just amazed. Oh, sorry! We were blocking the way, weren't we?"

Perhaps because we were standing still right after entering and marveling at the surroundings, a fellow adventurer who came from behind us spoke up.

… Well, I think it was because we were blocking the path.

"No, it's fine. No problem at all. If it's your first time, everyone reacts like you guys."

"Hahaha~"

"But, don't be amazed so soon."

"Huh, why? Is there something even more amazing further inside?"

"No, this dungeon periodically changes. Right now, it's the Diamond Forest, but it can become a forest of a different gem, like Ruby Forest, Sapphire Forest, Emerald Forest, and so on."

"Eh!?"

Today, it's the Diamond Forest with translucent crystals, but on different days, it might swap with a Ruby Forest in red, a Sapphire Forest in blue, an Emerald Forest in green, and so on.

"That makes me want to come back to see the other forests."

“”Want to see, want to see!"”

"Yeah, that's intriguing."

I see, so that's why the entrance fee is affordable, even for common people. They can come multiple times.

"If you can get diamonds, rubies, sapphires, and emeralds on the first floor, it makes sense for the country to manage it."

"You can't harvest the gems on this floor."

"Eh? You can't!?"

“”Can’t pick?””

"Yeah, no matter what you do, this forest won't break. Feel free to try hitting it with a pickaxe or hammer. Oh, you were probably told at the reception, but magic is prohibited, so don't use it."

"Oh! Is that so!? We weren’t told that!?”

Whether you can harvest gems or not aside, it would have been nice if they mentioned at the reception that magic is prohibited.

"You weren’t told!?"

"Is it common to be told that?"

"Of course! Is what I would like to say, but most adventurers who come here are locals, so they probably assumed you already knew, and that's why they might not have mentioned it to you~"

"Ehh..."

Rather than being explained or worried about like regular adventurers, we were actually overlooked here.

“”Oniichan, are you okay?””

As I absentmindedly looked up at the sky, the children huddled around me, looking concerned.

"I figured it out because of your reaction when we entered, but the person at the reception might have thought you were the guide or hired adventurer for this guy and the kids, thinking they were a family on an outing or something."

"I see..."

Since Kaiser’s appearances, such as hair and eye colors, were strikingly similar to the children, it's understandable. After all, Rebecca-san mistook him for their father.

"Adventurers who come here multiple times don't usually want to hear the instructions, so they probably thought it was unnecessary to explain."

"Hahaha~"

I thought I should suggest separating the reception for first-time visitors and those returning to avoid this in the future.




Chapter 442

"I really appreciate you letting us know. Thanks to that, we avoided breaking any rules."

"If you can avoid breaking the rules, that's better. For the first offense, you'll be let off with a small fine, so don't worry too much."

I see, for the first offense, you can just pay a fine and be released.

"So, what are the penalties for the second offense and beyond?"

"In addition to fines, there's forced labor. If you are a repeating offender, the labor becomes more strenuous. Ultimately, it could lead to imprisonment."

"Oh, I see. By the way, is the use of daily-life magic also prohibited?"

"No, that's fine."

So, using magic like cleaning or light is allowed.

"Well then, I should be going now."

"Yes, thank you very much. If we happen to meet at the Adventurers’ Guild, let's go grab a meal together. I'll treat you as thanks."

"Haha, don't worry about that. But if there's a chance, I'd welcome going for a meal together."

He was a friendly adventurer who responded very politely, and I wanted to become friends, so I didn't hesitate to invite him for a meal. To my surprise, he seemed to have the same thought, and he responded positively.

"Alright, I'm Dil. I operate solo, so if you see me around, feel free to say hi."

"I'm Takumi. I'll definitely say hi if I see you."

"I'm Allen!"

"I'm Elena!"

"I am Kaiser."

After introducing ourselves, just as we were about to part ways, a restless atmosphere came from the front.

“”N?””

“”Nniyu?””

“Something seems to be wrong.”

It seemed like something was happening. For now, we stayed in place and observed the surroundings. Soon, a noble couple with a knight rushed back in our direction in a hurry.

"Halt! Are you adventurers!?"

"Well, technically yes, but... what's going on?"

Dil glanced at us before stepping forward to answer.

… Perhaps there were rules in this dungeon, so I decided to quietly let Dil handle the situation.

"Our child! Our child is missing! Please help us find him!"

It appeared that the child of the noble couple had gone missing, and they returned seeking assistance.

"First, please go outside the dungeon and report to the reception and security."

"Our child is missing!"

"So please report it immediately."

The nobleman, angered by our refusal to immediately search, glared and shouted at us.

"What if something happens to my child!?"

"We cannot take any action until we receive a request from the reception. Please report it right away."

"You useless!"

With a clear expression of frustration, the nobleman continued to berate us before storming towards the exit of the dungeon.

"Are we not allowed to search on our own?"

"Even though the country manages it, this is a dungeon after all. While you guys might not have been informed, there's a general rule that whatever happens inside is your own responsibility."

"This floor is said to be safe, but... well, it's still a dungeon. Encounters with monsters could still happen here, right?"

Although encounters with monsters were said to be rare, the term "rare" didn't mean "never."

"Exactly. There are monsters like slimes. And the size of the dungeon is also a factor. A few cases of missing persons occur every year."

"Yeah, this dungeon seems quite spacious."

"It's reasonably large. When someone goes missing, if there happens to be an adventurer nearby, they assist in the search. Well, that in itself is an act of goodwill."

"Well, that makes sense."

"But there are nobles once in a while who force adventurers to search for their own children for free.”

"Uwah~"

Arrogant nobles can be found anywhere. It's quite pitiful for the adventurers who are forced into such situations.

"That happened a few times and became a problem. So, the Adventurers’ Guild has advised us to refrain from personally assisting in such cases. Of course, if the person requesting help is a friend or acquaintance, it's a different story."

"I see, got it. —Allen, Elena, Kaiser, did you understand?"

“”Yes~””

"Umu."

If Dil hadn't been with us this time, we might have gone to help search for the child. While offering assistance without charge itself isn't an issue, we want to avoid causing trouble for all adventurers in this country.

"Oh, by the way, if you guys happen to find a lost child during your exploration, it's okay to bring them to the entrance."

"......"

Is this perhaps a suggestion to go find the child and pretend you found them by accident?

No, Dil doesn't seem to have that kind of personality. He probably mentioned it as a hypothetical scenario.

“”Should search?””

"Let’s wait a moment. They're probably working on a plan outside, so if they ask us to stay here and help, then we can decide to help with the search."

“”N~... okay.””

If it were a life-threatening situation, we would go searching immediately. However, it seemed less urgent now, so we decided to adhere to the rules of the Adventurers’ Guild.

"Oh, they're here."

The sound of several people running from outside reached us, and soon, a few guards and adventurers rushed in.

"Oh, it's you, Dil! So, you are the heartless adventurer the noble was complaining about."

"That's right. So, what's the situation?"

"The ones here will start the search. If it takes too long, additional personnel will be dispatched. We're also instructed to request assistance from the adventurers here."

"Understood. I don't mind, but..."

After Dil agreed to join the search, he glanced briefly in our direction.

"N? Huh? You guys are?”

The adventurers who came for the search noticed our presence.

"Just met these adventurers a little while ago. It seems like their first time here, but do the conditions apply to them? N? By the way, I didn't confirm earlier, but Takumi, you guys are adventurers, right?"

"Hahaha~ yes, we're adventurers."

Although it was evident from our appearance, Dil probably wanted to make sure, since we hadn't explicitly stated it.

"By the way, what do you mean by 'conditions'?"

"Once you receive a formal request, you're generally expected to accept it unless there are compelling reasons not to."

"I see, it's close to a mandatory request. Oh, but only I and the kids are adventurers. Kaiser is not. However, he doesn't mind joining the search."

"Umu."

"Well, it's your first time in the dungeon, right? If you guys aren’t able to return because of that, that could be a problem."

He seems concerned about the possibility of us getting lost and facing a secondary emergency.

"Oh, we won't get lost for sure. So, shall we start the search? We shouldn't waste any more time here."

"Well, but..."

"Oh, I forgot to mention my rank. I'm A-rank, so there's no need to worry."

"A-rank!? Seriously!"

We refrained from initiating the search due to his advice against well-intentioned searches. However, considering the situation and feeling sorry for the lost child, I decided to reveal my A-rank status to expedite the search.

"People just don’t go around saying they are A-rankers. Let's trust him and start the search."

"Yeah, that's right. So, first, let's head to the point where the child went missing."

It seems they were going to move together to the spot where the parents and child got separated.

"We are looking for a five-year-old boy. The Knights left at the location have mentioned it."

While moving, we gathered information about the lost child. The noble family had three Knights accompanying them, and two were left at the location while one returned with the parents. So, there are currently two Knights searching nearby.

“”Will find him quickly~””

"That's right. Let's find him soon."

“”Yeah! Will do our best!””

Allen and Elena showed more enthusiasm than anyone else for the search, so for some reason, I feel like we'll find the child soon.




Chapter 443

"Should be around here..."

"Oh, there are people over there. Are they the Knights who stayed behind?"

"Yeah, you're right. Let's join them."

Upon reaching the scene, we first joined the Knight who had already started searching and proceeded to inquire about the situation.

"Are you from Knights of the Anis family?"

"Yes, that's correct. Are you here to help?"

"Yes, we are assisting in the search for Douglas-sama, the son of the Anis family. Can you update us on the current situation?"

"We've searched around everywhere, but there's no sign of him. Unfortunately, we haven't even figured out which direction he might have gone.”

"... I see."

Seems like there's been no progress at all.

And honestly, the idea that they just lost sight of him feels strange.

"Um, could you tell us the last place you saw Douglas-sama? Can you share the location with us?"

I decided to ask them to show us where he was last seen before they lost him.

"Wouldn't it be faster to scatter and search rather than looking for that place?"

"Well~ you never know, he might be hiding nearby~… or that’s what I thought."

This is the semi-transparent Diamond Forest. The only visible colors are undoubtedly those of people. Even if he was hiding in a blind spot like behind a tree, wouldn't you somehow be able to make out the navy blue color of a child's jacket through the diamonds? So, when you realize 'He's not here!' and look around, it's just strange that not only his figure but even that color is nowhere to be found. If he went so far that they can't even distinguish that, then I have to question what the guards were doing.

“”Is he hiding~?"”

"Yeah, that's right. I feel that he’s playing hide and seek. Hiding, waiting for someone to find him, maybe?"

“”Then, let’s find him~””

"Yeah, let's find him quickly since he's waiting for us to find him."

"”Okay!”"

Allen and Elena immediately began searching for Douglas-sama, who might be hiding nearby.

"Come to think of it, a good percentage of the lost children were nearby all along."

"More than half, maybe. Even if they hear the voices of the searching adults, they won't come out and just keep hiding, making it hard to find them. I remember it taking only time."

"... Here's where he disappeared."

After listening to the opinions of adventurers who have searched for lost children before, the Knights seemed willing to be guided to the location where Douglas-sama disappeared.

"It's here."

“”N~ let's see... Ah!"”

As they moved to a different location, it seems Allen and Elena discovered something.

"Huh? Did something happen?"

“"There's a hole!"”

"A hole?"

“”Yeah, over there~””

What Allen and Elena pointed to was a tree with a hollow.

"This is... just the right size for a child to enter."

Moreover, the hollow faced downward from near the ground, so the inside of the hole was beneath the ground. Even if the ground was made of diamonds, it had thickness, so the color couldn't be seen through. It just looked a bit shadowy.

“”Will take a look~.---Ah! There he is!"”

"Huh, he was really in there?"

I thought it could go either way, but it seems he was there. As expected of Allen and Elena. Peering into the hollow from above along with them, I could definitely see a sleeping boy.

"... He's in there.---Um... please confirm."

I handed the location over to the Knights and asked them to confirm whether it was indeed Douglas-sama.

"”Douglas-sama!”"

The moment the Knights peered into the hole, they desperately called out his name, trying to wake the sleeping boy. It seems to be the child they were looking for.

"Takumi, you guys are amazing~"

Dill, who had been quietly watching the situation, muttered words of genuine admiration.

"It's more about the kids than me. But it's good he was found early."

"This is the fastest we've found a lost child so far."

"”Fastest?”"

"Yeah, the fastest. It was the quickest ever."

“”Yay~””

They didn't aim for a speed record, but it seems they unintentionally set a new one. Well, it's a good thing they found the children quickly for their sake.

"Douglas-sama! Please wake up."

"... N~”

Since the hollow wasn't very large, they couldn't go deep inside, and the Knights desperately called out to Douglas-sama from the entrance. Finally, it seemed like he woke up.

"Douglas-sama, please come out."

"N~ Oh, Eric, you're late~"

"It's not 'you're late~' Why did you crawl into a place like this? We were worried, you know!"

"Because there was a hole?"

"Don't go in for such reasons! What if there were strange creatures inside or if the hole was deeper? It could have been dangerous!"

"I checked properly."

Despite their master-servant relationship, Douglas-sama and the Knight Eric seemed to have a good rapport. And surprisingly, Douglas-sama had a mischievous vibe to him.

"Come on, please come out already. The master and madam are worried about you."

"Come out!"

After Eric's persuasion, Douglas-sama, who had been reluctant to come out from the hollow, immediately emerged.

"N? Where are father and mother?"

"They're waiting outside the dungeon."

"... Is that so?"

"Now, let's hurry out."

"Okay."

Once Douglas-sama emerged from the hollow, he looked around to find his parents but seemed a bit disappointed when he couldn't locate them.

"Thank you for your cooperation."

"I'm glad he’s safe."

The Knights who joined in the search were polite from start to finish. The nobleman, Douglas-sama's father, seemed somewhat arrogant, and initially, I thought the Knights serving him might have a condescending attitude towards adventurers. However, that wasn't the case.

"Dill, should we return to the entrance just like this?"

"Yeah, that's right. While you might want to resume exploring quickly, let's go back together first."

"Understood."

So, without being able to explore much of the dungeon, we ended up leaving it.

"”Douglas!"”

"Father! Mother!"

And so, I observed the emotional reunion of the family from a distance. We had decided to leave the formalities of dealing with the noble to the adventurers who entered the dungeon upon receiving a proper search request. The initial encounter was a bit off, and there was a possibility of facing baseless complaints. To avoid that, they chose this approach.

"We heard that you found Douglas. Thank you for finding him."

"Thank you very much."

"... No need."

However, the noble couple came all the way to us to express their gratitude.

"We apologize for our behavior in the dungeon. It might sound like an excuse, but losing our child made us lose ourselves for a moment."

"I see."

It seemed that they were quite distraught after losing their child. Surprisingly, the arrogance I had perceived earlier seemed to have diminished significantly.

"I'd like to express my gratitude on top of apologizing for my impolite remarks..."

"It was not us, who handled the request inside the dungeon, but him, so please address that to him."

Though we were present, we merely observed the exchange from behind Dill. So, I declined the additional thanks, deferring to Dill instead.

"Of course, him too. But I heard that you were the ones who quickly found Douglas. Please accept this as a token of our gratitude."

"Umm... all right. We appreciate it, then."

We embarked on the search without knowing how much the fee for a lost child request would be. Since refusing the additional thanks might prolong the situation, we decided to accept it graciously.

“”Done?””

"Yeah, it’s done. There are some procedures left, but once those are done, shall we go back into the dungeon?"

“”Yeah!””

Despite getting involved in a bit of trouble shortly after entering, we gathered ourselves and decided to re-enter the Dungeon of Precious Stones.




Chapter 444

Since it was a re-entry, I thought we would have to pay the fee again, but fortunately, we were exempted. I'm not sure if it was because it was a request-related matter, or if the nobles who were the clients paid for it.

“”Wow!””

“"Oh?”"

Upon entering the dungeon again, we exclaimed in amazement once more. The diamond forest had transformed into a ruby forest.

"It changes so dramatically~"

"It's quite different from before~”

"”Amazing~!”"

After standing at the entrance for a while and observing the transformed dungeon, Dill-san also entered from behind.

"Oh? Did it just change? You guys are lucky to see two different dungeons in one day."

"Yes, indeed. Well, now I'm even more curious about the Sapphire and Emerald forests."

“”Wanna see them soon~”"

"Right."

"Hahaha~ I hope we can see them soon."

Even though the forest changes periodically, it seems that the exact cycle for the transformation is not clearly defined. It changes as quickly as a few days or as late as a month.

"Dill-san, are you going on a dungeon capture?"

"Oh, I plan to do some mining on the third floor for a few days."

"Huh? Aren't you going to use the teleportation device in the hall?"

Since this is an advanced dungeon, if you've been to a certain floor before, you should be able to use the teleportation device in the hall, right?

"Unfortunately, the hall’s teleportation device is for returning only."

"Eh? Is that how it's designed?"

"Yeah, it is. I don't know why. Oh, but you can use the teleportation device on the first and second floors to go to any floor without any issues."

"That's... strange, isn’t it~"

...It's like the dungeon is saying, "Look at my first floor first before proceeding."

"But well, since I take my time touring the first floor every time, it's not a problem."

"Well, this forest seems enjoyable no matter how many times you see it, right?"

"”Kaiser, let's go that way~!"”

"Umu, okay."

Allen and Elena, accompanied by Kaiser, started walking, so I also began walking behind them with Dill-san.

“”That way next~””

"......"

As Allen and Elena confidently moved forward, Dill-san’s expression gradually tensed.

"Wait a minute. Takumi, is this really your first time here? No mistake, right?"

"It is~"

"Then why are you heading towards the staircase leading to the lower levels without hesitation?"

"Ah... my kids are good at finding things."

"It's not that simple, is it?!”

"I don't know the location of the staircase myself, so I can't say for sure. Is it correct?"

"... Yeah."

The children are undoubtedly heading towards the destination. Well, I had a feeling it was right, considering that Dill-san, who was originally planning to go to the lower levels, was walking in the same direction as us while exploring. Otherwise, he would have separated from us along the way.

—Thud!

"What? What was that!?"

While walking towards the staircase with an expression of disbelief or fatigue, Dill-san was suddenly met with an incredibly loud noise.

"Sorry. I collided with something because I was looking elsewhere."

"Collided!? No, no, no, the sound was not just from a collision!"

It seemed like Kaiser had collided with something, but it definitely wasn't a light sound. It was more like... the sound of a truck crashing.

"Any injuries?"

"Mu?"

"Are you okay?”

"It broke."

"Broke!? What broke? Your arm? Leg?"

"No, it's a branch, I think?"

"Branch? A branch!?"

I thought it was a severe fracture from a hard impact, but it turned out that what broke was the branch of the ruby forest. Kaiser held a branch about the size of my arm, looking apologetic.

"I-it, it broke!? But, I mean, the gemstones here are supposed to be unbreakable..."

"......"

I hurriedly looked at Dill-san, who was standing there with his mouth wide open, completely stunned. Truly speechless. Asking him anything now would probably not elicit a response.

"But anyway, you broke it so cleanly~ So, Kaiser, you are really not injured, are you?”

"Umu, I'm fine."

Kaiser was rubbing his forehead, so it seems he broke it with his forehead… It looked a bit red, but there didn’t seem to be any significant problem. Delivering a headbutt that made such a loud noise and coming out of it with just a little redness—a true Leviathan stuff indeed.

"... Um, so, because headbutts are physical, it’s okay not to about it, right?"

"... Yeah, that's right."

I wondered if we were okay, so I asked Dill-san, and there was a weak response in a feeble voice. However, Dill-san hadn't recovered; he finally covered his face with his palm and bowed his head. Maybe he reached the limit of astonishment?

"Allen wants one too!"

"Elena too!"

Seemingly envious of Kaiser, Allen and Elena took picks out of their bags.

"If you are going for it, choose the thinner branches. Avoid the trunk of the tree or those standing on rocky parts; your pickaxes might break, and the situation may turn dangerous.”

“"Got it~””

Perhaps inspired by Kaiser acquiring a branch, Allen and Elena's desire to collect was ignited. Magic was prohibited, but using tools to strike seemed to be fine, so I let the children do as they pleased.

“"Heave-ho!"”

The picks swung down from the children, but... it just made a small sound, and there was no change to the branches.

"How was it? Did you feel anything?"

"”Muu... it's hard~””

The children looked surprised as the picks were deflected, but gradually, their expressions turned into pouts as they realized the branches weren't breaking so easily.

"Mu? Is this what you want? If so, aim for a thinner spot. Yeah... oh, this looks good. Allen, here. Elena, here. Aim for the thinnest parts."

“”Okay!””

Kaiser looked around and instructed the children to target the thinner branches, about the size of a conductor's baton, at the nape of the branch.

“"Heave-ho!"”

"It's impossible in one go. Aim for the same spot and strike several times."

“”Okay~””

Allen and Elena continued striking the same spot on the branch repeatedly. It didn't seem very effective at first, but suddenly, after a dozen attempts, the branches snapped.

“”It broke~””

"Uwah, it broke? Surprisingly, it breaks if you really try to.”

However, consistently targeting an even finer spot on branches, as Allen and Elena did, seems quite challenging~

"Huh!?"

Seeing the children picking up the broken branches and raising it above their heads, Dill-san once again froze.

"Let's do it again~"

"Kaiser, where's a good spot?"

"Mu? Right, how about here and here?"

Not content with one branch each, Allen and Elena continued to challenge themselves, obtaining three ruby branches each.

"... Takumi, you guys are abnormal."

By the time they got the third one, Dill-san was finally crouching down with his head in his hands.




Chapter 445

"… Dill-san, are you okay?"

"… Haaaaah~"

Dill-san exhaled deeply and stood up with a tired expression on his face.

"Oh, come on!! Takumi was an A-ranker, yep. Adventurers who reach A-rank are no ordinary folks. And the companions of non-ordinary adventurers are also not to be taken lightly. That's how it is, right? Let's go with that. That's what I'll do!"

"… Hahaha~"

Dill-san completely shrugged it off. While it's unpleasant to be continuously beaten down, when someone completely shrugs it off like this, it creates a subtle feeling.

"I tried hitting it with a hammer a few times, but it didn't even budge. And yet, for these little kids to snap it like that, it's not normal! Listen! It's fine to snap things in private where no one's around, but don't ever do in public! It messes with you mentally!"

Moreover, he seemed a bit angry.

"Do you want one too, Dill-san?"

"N? Huh? Uh, no..."

"I will give you this~"

Allen offered Dill-san a branch, his spoils of war.

Allen seemed more interested in Dill-san's words about trying but not breaking than Dill-san's current state.

"Huh!? No, no, no!"

"Is fine, for you~"

Dill-san vigorously shook his hands and head sideways to reject, but Allen continued to offer the branch.

"Like this one more?"

This time, Elena also offered her branch to him.

"No, no, no! That's not it!"

“”That so? Then, this one?””

Allen and Elena switched to different branches and offered them to Dill-san.

"That’s not it!"

“”It’s not?””

While offering branches to Dill-san, Allen and Elena tilted their heads in wonder.

"Anyway, you can’t do that!"

“”Can’t do that?””

"It's not okay! —And Takumi! Stop them!"

"It's quite a common sight for me, so I don't think there's a need to stop?"

"Hey!?"

Wald-san, or Al-sama, depending on the situation... I've seen this exchange a few times. In these cases, Allen and Elena rarely back down.

"Fumu. You want something more impressive, huh? How about this?"

"”Oh, I see~"”

"Wait, seriously!?"

Kaiser also stood next to the children and offered the branch he had broken with a headbutt.

Is he really participating seriously? It's not like Dill-san is dissatisfied with the thin one... I wonder what Kaiser saw to think that way?

"Allen, Elena, Kaiser, let's withdraw."

Dill-san seemed to be on the verge of crying in earnest confusion, so I decided to stop the three.

"”Withdraw?"”

"Yeah, sorry. Come over here. Don't push too much; Dill-san might get upset."

“"Is that so? Okay~ Will withdraw~.""

The children obediently withdrew.

"By the way, these branches, they seem like good souvenirs or gifts, don't they?"

“”Oh! You are right!””

"Let's start with one for Allen and Elena's treasure chests each, okay?”

"”Yeah! And one for Oniichan too!"

"Okay, thank you."

They wanted to keep one each for themselves, and one for me as well.

“”For Ojiisama and Obaasama!””

"And also~ for Wald-nii and Rosa Neesama?"

"And for Velio Niisama and Almeria Neesama too?"

Allen and Elena listed off people they want to give souvenirs to.

"I think one for the whole Ruven family should be enough. Let's also give one to the Risner family."

"”Let’s see~ Hey, what about His Majesty~?"”

"Yeah, we can't forget about them."

Three for ourselves, one each for the Guardia’s Royal Family, the Ruven Family, and the Risner Family. That makes six in total, and it seems the branches Allen and Elena obtained will be enough.

Ah, if they want to give one to Dill-san too, it won’t be enough, I guess?

"As for the additional ones, whether you work hard or not to get them, let's leave that aside... I would like to collect all four types of branches~”

"”Would be nice to~””

If we can get them, I definitely want to collect the other three types after these ruby ones.

"If that's the case, we'll have to enter and exit the dungeon frequently."

“”Got it~””

"I understand as well."

It might end up being a stay of up to three months at most. I'd be happy if things changed in a few days, but somehow, I feel like they will, so even if we're dungeon-crawling, we should make sure to come in and out.

"Because one isn't enough."

"We will get more~”

"”Kaiser, where do you think is good?"”

"Hmm... that spot should be okay?"

After deciding on the future plans, Allen and Elena headed out to collect more branches.

… Is it about Dill-san's share?

“”Got more~!””

The two quickly obtained additional branches and headed towards Dill-san with them.

"Here you go!””

"... Ehh~"

And just as expected, they offered branches to Dill-san.

Dill-san, who had been relieved when the children withdrew, now had a bewildered expression again.

"Here, take them, take them~"

"Well then, let's go~"

Moreover, the children forcefully made Dill-san hold the branches and briskly moved ahead.

"Eh? Ehh~! Takumi, ta-take them back! Take them back!"

"Erm, if you want to return them, please go directly to the twins."

"Isn’t this okay!? You are their older brother, accept them!"

"Dill-san, you saw it, right? I have absolutely nothing to do with this~"

Sadly, I haven't even found an easy-to-take branch, let alone landed a single hit. So, I don't have the right to do anything with the branches.

"Now that the children have gone ahead, shall we catch up?"

"......"

Reluctantly, Dill-san, still holding the branches, started walking, so I followed the children.




Chapter 446

"Hey, this..."

"”No way~"”

"Not that, I mean..."

“"Nah~"”

"It's not like I dislike it... Seriously! At least let me finish!"

While walking, Dill-san attempted to hand the branches to Allen and Elena, desperately trying to return them. However, the children had no time to pay attention.

"Takumi, what are they doing?”

"Dill-san is hesitating because the branch is valuable to us. He's trying to return it to the children."

"I also like collecting shiny things, but I see that people seem to like them too. Does it have a monetary value after all?"

"Of course, it would be valuable~”

"Oh, then I have to collect plenty! Gotta buy something delicious with it!"

Confirming that his values aligned with the human race, Kaiser walked while casually breaking thin branches. It looked easy for him, but that's probably because he's Kaiser.

"... Kaiser, please stop that now.”

"Mu? Is this enough?"

Watching him gather branches like collecting firewood, even I felt my stomach tighten.

"Put it in the bag before someone sees."

"Umu. Then, Takumi."

Since Kaiser also has a magic bag, I suggested putting the branches in there. However, for some reason, he handed the branches to me.

"Isn't that yours, Kaiser?"

"I only need one for a keepsake. The rest, use them for my living expenses or something."

"......"

I did say it had value, but since selling it might cause a commotion, I will most likely keep it as a treasured possession.

"I have enough for your living expenses, so Kaiser, take it back with you."

"No, I can't."

"You can’t? Why!"

"Because I want to give it to you, Takumi!"

"Huh?! No, no, no. It's okay; I received one for a keepsake too!"

"No, it's not enough like that!"

"Eeh~"

My exchange with Kaiser mirrored the one between the children and Dill-san.

I haven't accepted it yet, though!

“”Found it~””

"Wait a minute!"

“”No~””

While this is happening, the children found a staircase leading to the second floor and quickly ran down, seemingly escaping from Dill-san.

“”Made it~””

"Children!?"

"What, what’s going on? Oh, Dill, you are with them?"

I forgot there were guards here to prevent tourists from mistakenly going to the second floor using the teleportation device~

The two guards, initially surprised by the children's arrival, seem to recognize Dill-san and accepted the situation.

"Dill, since you are with kids, does that mean you're not going mining today, and on an escort job instead?"

"N-no, it's not like that. I just happened to be going in the same direction, so it turned into something like accompanying them..."

"Hmm? So, are those two the escorts for the kids? One is a guardian, and the other is a guard? Either way, they're unfamiliar faces."

Perhaps because adventurers needed to pass through here to reach other levels, they likely remember the faces of adventurers to some extent.

"I'm Takumi, an adventurer from the Guardia Kingdom. I met Dill-san at the entrance of the dungeon, and he kindly guided me here while sharing various information."

"Oh, I see. It must be tough being an adventurer with kids."

"My children can fight, so it's not that difficult."

Well, maybe it's challenging in the sense of having to stop them from fighting?

"Di-Dill!? Could it be that what you're holding is...!"

"!!"

As I ponder the definition of "difficult," the guards quickly noticed the ruby branch Dill-san was holding.

Dill-san hurriedly tried to hide the branch behind his back... but it was futile. He was completely exposed.

"H-hey! The kids have them too!"

"That one over there has an unusual amount."

Moreover, the children still had their loot in hands, and Kaiser, engrossed in our argument, was still holding a considerable amount of ruby branches.

My share and the souvenir ones were safely stored in the 'Infinite Storage,' though.

"Co-contact headquarters!!"

"N-no, it'd be faster to take them to headquarters!"

"Huh? Take us!?"

Wait, was taking the branches out prohibited!?

"No, that's not it! I misspoke!"

"That's right, that's it. Accompany us, please. We request your accompaniment to headquarters!"

The guards... seemed to be in a subtle panic.

"Um... for now, can you take a deep breath and try to calm down?"

The guards vigorously nodded and followed my suggestion, taking deep breaths repeatedly.

"I apologize."

“We are fine now."

"Well then, let me confirm first. Taking the branches isn't a criminal act, is it?"

"Yeah, that's fine. The advertising slogan is, 'If it can be broken, break it and take it with you!' Oh, but using magic is not allowed."

"... We haven't used any magic."

It's quite a remarkable catchphrase.

"We have a mechanism to detect powerful magic being used on the first level, so we know you haven't used any. Oh, and the details of the mechanism are classified, so don't ask."

"... Understood."

I had no idea, but it seems there's an elaborate system in place.

Well, that makes sense; otherwise, there might be a lot of people using magic in secluded areas within the vast dungeon without any witnesses.

"While we know you haven't violated any rules, no one has been seen breaking these branches for several years, if not over a decade. So, sorry, but could you come with us to headquarters?"

"Do you want an explanation of why the branches were broken?"

"Well, that's part of it, but we anticipate negotiations. Although it's said to be impossible, many desire these branches from here."

Seems like they want to negotiate the purchase of the branches.

Since it's unavoidable, maybe it's better to go with them to this headquarters place?

"Allen, Elena. That's the situation, so we're going to headquarters."

“"Eeh~ the second floor, though~"”

"I guess it's impossible today."

“"Muu~"”

The children, who were enthusiastic about exploring the dungeon, puffed their cheeks in disappointment.

"Huh, were you planning to go down?"

"Yes, that was the plan."

"Do you have a permit?"

"Huh, a permit!? Can't adventurers go?"

"If you're an adventurer, showing your Guild card here is enough. But if you're with children, it's different."

"But the children are adventurers too."

"Minors need a permit. Adventurers exploring dangerous places are responsible for themselves, but since this place is under the country's management, there are restrictions for minors. It's a precaution."

"Eeh!?"

… This dungeon seems to contain incredible things, so even those without the ability to explore high-level dungeons might want to come here. It makes sense to have such measures in place.

But a permit, huh? Can we get one at the headquarters?

"Can we get a permit at the headquarters?"

"Yeah, they issue permits based on the rank and achievements of the person and their accompanying party."

"I see."

It seems we have no choice but to go to the headquarters.

"So, Allen, Elena, it looks like we have to go to the headquarters for now."

“”... Got it~””

And so, once again, we find ourselves leaving the dungeon in a short amount of time.




Chapter 447

(Kaiser, we're in trouble.)

(Mu? Takumi, what's wrong? Using telepathy even though you're right next to me.)

As it was just the time for a shift change, we left the dungeon with the two security guards who had finished their duty and headed towards the headquarters. Oh, by the way, Dill-san was with us too.

(You don’t have identification papers, so if we try to enter the city like this, things could become troublesome!)

(Ah, that's right.)

Just like when the kids and I first came to the city, it should be no problem if they check our criminal records and issue temporary IDs. However, it's too uncertain how that magic tool will react to Kaiser.

When we first entered the city, I was nervous about how the magic tool would react to the twins, too.

"I apologize. I've just remembered something I need to take care of. I'll catch up later, so go ahead."

"Yeah, got it. But do you know where the headquarters is?"

"Umu, no problem."

After informing the security guards, Kaiser moved away from us.

(Takumi, can you come to a place without any onlookers for a moment? I'll hide in the shadows.)

(Understood. Sorry about this, Kaiser.)

(No need to worry about such trivial matters. If anything, I'm causing inconvenience to you.)

"Ah, sorry. I forgot to hand over something to Kaiser. I'll be back soon, so keep walking."

“”Okay~””

Pretending to chase after Kaiser, I had him hide in my shadow.

“”Welcome back~””

"Yeah, I'm back."

Safely entering the city, we finally headed towards the so-called headquarters.

"We've arrived~"

“”Here~?””

"Yeah, that's right. This is the Dungeon Management Headquarters. By the way, the Adventurers’ Guild is right next door."

“”Oh, it’s true~””

Since dungeons and adventurers are closely related, maybe they set them up nearby for easier coordination?

"Is the Director available? It's an urgent matter, an important issue."

The security personnel headed towards the reception desk to check the availability of the director of the headquarters.

… As expected, or rather, unsurprisingly, it seems like a matter where the top person has to get involved, especially regarding the acquisition of the branch.

"Yes, he's still here. I'll check if he's available right away."

The receptionist, flustered by the serious atmosphere of the security personnel, hurriedly ran to inform the director.

"Is something the matter? Is it about the people behind you?"

"Vice-director? Is the Director not available?"

"I'm just a messenger who came to inquire about the nature of the case. So, what's going on?"

"It's a bit... sensitive here."

"I see. Well then, please go to the Director’s office."

A man in his fifties, the Vice-director of the Headquarters, seemed to have come to check on what had happened.

It's good that the security personnel hesitated, as explaining things in the presence of others might have caused a commotion.

"Oh!"

Dill-san, who had been leaving things to the flow until now, suddenly raised his voice.

"What's the matter, Dill-san?”

"Shouldn't we also call the Master of the Adventurers’ Guild?"

"Oh, right. I don't want to explain things multiple times. Dill, can you go and get him?"

Dill-san and the security personnel agreed, and Dill-san hurriedly left the Dungeon Management Headquarters.

"Is it such a serious matter... It's a bit scary to ask."

"It's quite shocking."

When it came to the discussion of calling the Guild Master of the Adventurers’ Guild, the Vice-director of the Headquarters showed a bewildered expression.

… Well, to be honest, I hadn't had the chance to intervene in the conversation since entering the building.

"I'm back. It seems to be a case where they need the Master of the Adventurer's Guild as well."

"That's quite... a seemingly significant case, then. I’d like to hear about it as soon as possible, but it might be better to wait for the Guild Master of the Adventurers’ Guild."

The Director of the Headquarters, was younger than the Vice-director, a man in his late thirties.

"You with the children... are you an adventurer?"

"Yes, I'm Takumi, a newly arrived adventurer from the Guardia Kingdom."

"I'm Allen!"

"I'm Elena!"

"Guardia Kingdom, huh! No wonder I haven't seen you before. I'm Ethan Lucias, the director of the ‘Dungeon of Precious Stones’ Management Headquarters. Nice to meet you."

... Somehow, he gives off a noble vibe, doesn't he?

"Well, I apologize for my lack of information, but is this Headquarters a national facility, and are you officials?"

"Not everyone, but most higher-ups in both the administrative and security departments are, in a way. By the way, I'm here in a position dispatched from the Castle's finance department."

"Oh, I see."

It seems more like an integral part of the country's organization rather than receiving direct support.

"I'm intruding."

"......"

While talking to the head, a handsome individual with flowing, golden hair and impeccable makeup entered the room.

...At first glance, they appeared to be a woman, but I think they're probably a slender man.

"Are you an older brother?"

"Or a big sister?"

"Wha–!? Allen, Elena!?"

While I was struggling with their gender, Allen and Elena boldly asked the person directly.

"My, oh my, these days, most people around here ask indirectly, so it's quite unusual to be asked directly. What are your names?"

"I'm Allen!"

"I'm Elena!"

"”Nice to meet you!"”

"Yes, nice to meet you. I'll answer honestly to you two, who are so straightforward. I'm just a regular older brother. I just like dressing up. So, I wear outfits like this, and sometimes I dress more masculine."

“”Is that so~””

"Yeah. I'm Christopher. You can call me Chris-chan."

“”Okay! Chris-chan!"”

"Oh my, you really are straightforward. I like that a lot~”

And just like that, they quickly got to know each other.

"So, Oniisan, are you an adventurer?"

"... I'm Takumi. I apologize for my little brother and sister being rude."

"It's cute at that level. I don't mind."

The Guild Master really didn’t seem to mind, but I still feel a bit apologetic.

"So, why were you called here? I heard it's quite a significant issue?"

"I haven't heard the details yet."

"Oh my, is that so?"

As we were about to get into the main topic, I sent telepathic messages to Allen and Elena.

“”Ah!””

Following my instructions, the two left the room.

"Sorry. We have one more companion, and it seems like he just arrived, so I'll bring him in."

I followed the children, left the Headquarters for a moment, and called Kaiser to a secluded place where no one could see us.

"Mu? That was quick. The discussion or whatever… doesn’t seem to be over. It seems like it's still within the city."

"I thought it would be better for you to participate in the discussion or explanation, so I asked the kids to create an opportunity."

"Is that so? If I join, won't there be an increased risk of saying unnecessary things?"

"... That would be troublesome, but the thing is, I haven't obtained a single branch by myself. It would also be troublesome if you are not there."

"I see."

It was mainly Kaiser who obtained the Ruby branches. Allen and Elena also contributed, but Kaiser was the one who chose the locations for their strikes. Therefore, it would be better for him to be present during the explanation.

"For now, just stay with us. I'll do most of the talking, so you can just nod or give some input."

"Fzmz, understood."

"It might be a bit of a hassle, but please."

"Got it."

After smoothly reuniting with Kaiser, we headed back to the Director’s office.




Chapter 448

"I apologize. I will immediately review the situation."

"N?"

When I returned to the room, the Director of the Headquarters immediately apologized.

"I heard that you guys weren't given an explanation of the precautions at the reception."

"Oh! I completely forgot about that.”

While we were away, it seems that Dill-san had informed them that we didn't receive the initial explanation.

"Y-you forgot?"

"Yeah, I guess so. There were too many shocking things, you know? Dill-san, on the other hand, remembered it well."

"Although there were certainly shocking things that happened… you can't forget about this!"

"Thanks to you, we managed not to violate any rules. It's fine."

"”Dill-san, our gracious~"

"Allen, Elena!? Where did you pick that up!?"

“"I wonder where~"”

Allen and Elena interjected into our conversation.

"They are fun kids, aren’t they?”

"That's true."

The Director of the headquarters, Vice-director, and Guild Master chuckled as they watched our interaction.

"Ah~... so, about the reception, I don't really care, so if you could create a separate line for first-timers or handle it differently, that would be great."

"We'll take care of it properly."

With this, there shouldn't be anyone violating the rules without knowing that it's prohibited in the future.

"By the way, is that the matter this time? It's an important matter, but it's not an issue that would require me to be called, right?"

"No, no, the main topic is different! It's something even more surprising!"

"Oh, really?"

The content so far has been related to the Dungeon Management Headquarters, and it had nothing to do with the Adventurers’ Guild. The Guild Master tilted his head in confusion.

"This is it, this!"

“””"!!!"””

Dill-san took out the ruby branch he had been holding onto, pressed onto him by Allen and Elena, and placed it on the desk. The three newcomers gasped, and Dill-san and the security guards had expressions that seemed to say, "What do you think? Are you surprised?"

"Is, is this real!?"

"Dill, did you pick it?"

"No! It's not me! It's them!"

Although it seemed like Dill-san took it out of his own bag, he denied it in an instant. He pointed towards us.

... And he referred to us as "them." I have nothing to do with this~

"Pointing fingers!

"Is not allowed!"

"Oh, sorry."

Allen and Elena, who are always told not to point at people by me, immediately scolded Dill-san. In response, Dill-san apologized sincerely.

"Moreover, they picked a large quantity!"

However, he continued with an excited explanation.

"Isn't this amazing!?"

"Allen has them, too~!"

"Elena has them as well~"

“””Wha–!?"””

Then, with great joy, Allen and Elena took out branches from their bags and held them up.

(Should I also show mine?)

(How about we refrain from doing that?)

(Umu, understood.)

Kaiser, asking if he should join the display, asked through telepathy.

It was really good that he checked before showing all the branches he had obtained here; otherwise, it would have been chaotic.

"H-how did you break them!? You said you didn't receive any explanation, so was it through magic? But you mentioned avoiding violations. In that case, was it through physical means? Physical, seriously!?"

"”With this~"”

In a state of intense confusion, the head of the headquarters was shown by Allen and Elena, who took pickaxes from their bags.

"A pickaxe!? Wait a moment. Did the kids pick them!?"

"”We did~"”

“””””Eh!?"””””

… They never would have expected that the kids picked the branches.

Not only the three who were informed about the branches just now, but also the security guards were surprised together.

"There's no mistake. I saw them break the branches right in front of me. Besides, this guy here was breaking them barehanded!"

"””””Wha-!?"””””

The five who were surprised looked at the kids, then at Kaiser, and for some reason, their gaze shifted towards me at the end.

"I didn't pick any."

“”””"........"””””

So, I decided to honestly confess before they started to suspect me strangely.

I didn't pick any!

"Well, I understand that it's been a while since anyone picked up a branch. So, what should we do? Do we sell them?"

“”Ehh~ No, that's a no-no~"”

When I brought up the idea of selling the branches, Allen and Elena hugged the branches they had as if to hide them.

"Oh, yeah, those are Allen and Elena's, so let's put them back in the bag.”

“”No selling souvenirs, either~"”

"I’m keeping the ones you decided to bring back as souvenirs, so it's okay. If we are selling, it’s the ones Kaiser picked."

"”That's fine, then~"”

"Umu!"

Since Kaiser originally said it was okay to sell them, he nodded casually.

"”Ah! Dill-san's is also a no-no~"”

"N?"

"The one we gave you~"

"You can't sell~"

"Eh? This one?"

"”That one!"”

"This is yours, right!?"

"”Nah~! Dill-san's~"”

It seems like the kids want Dill-san to keep the branch they gave him as a memento, rather than sell it.

"Oh my, Dill, you received something amazing~"

"Eh, you must be joking! I didn't receive it! Well... I'm just holding it for now!"

"”Gave you~"”

"No, I'll definitely return it!"

“”Don’t wanna~””

Since neither side seems willing to give in, the back-and-forth between the kids and Dill-san seemed like it won't end anytime soon.

"Is it okay not to stop that?"

"N? Do we need to stop? They're just playing together, right?"

"No, not the exchange, but the part where they say they are giving out branches."

"It's really fine, isn't it?"

"... Ehh."

Watching the exchange between the kids and Dill-san, the Director of the Headquarters looked at me with a puzzled expression.

He probably wanted to say that branches shouldn't be given away for free, but I'll just play dumb. In response, the Director was left dumbfounded.

"Takumi! You are their guardian, stop them instead of being so relaxed!"

"Even if I try to stop them, they won't stop. Dill-san, please give up."

"”Give up~"”

"I won't give up! What do you mean, 'give up'!"

Dill-san came all the way to my back and vigorously shook me by grabbing both my shoulders.

"Teiya!"

Then, the kids who were sitting between me and Kaiser jumped over the backrest of the chairs and clung to Dill-san.

"Whoah!"

“”Umiyu~””

"Allen, Elena, it's not like he's bullying me, so go easy on him, okay?"

“”Okay~””

Dill-san, surprised by the kids jumping on him, took a few steps back but didn't fall.

However, Allen and Elena were pulling on Dill-san's cheeks.

"Hey!? Sto–stop it!"

"”Just a little more~"”

"Ehh!?"

It seems that Dill-san was not accustomed to dealing with children, as he struggled helplessly, unable to forcibly get away from the twins.




Chapter 449

"Now, now, it's about time to go back and sit down~"

“”Okay~””

When I called out, the twins obediently returned and sat in their chairs.

"Fufufu, you really are good kids."

“”Thank you.””

Praised by the Guild Master, Allen and Elena thanked him and smiled.

"”Hey, Chris-chan."”

"Oh my, what is it?"

“"We have a favor to ask~"”

"A favor?"

“”Yeah!””

"You see, Allen and Elena~"

"Want permission to go to the second floor~”

"Huh?"

“”Give us a permit, pretty please?"”

Suddenly, Allen and Elena pleaded with the Guild Master for a permit.

"Allen, Elena, for permits, wouldn't you get those from the Headquarters rather than the Adventurers’ Guild?"

“”Is that so? —Really?"”

When I told the children that the permits are most likely obtained from the Dungeon Management Headquarters, not the Adventurers’ Guild, the kids looked puzzled, glancing between the Guild Master and the Director of the Headquarters.

"That's right, the permits for underage adventurers going to the second floor and beyond are issued by the Dungeon Management Headquarters."

"”I see~ —Then, give us, please?"”

Realizing it wasn't the Guild Master who could provide the permission, they turned to the Director of the Headquarters, pleading once again.

"What!? Nonono, although I have issued permits to minors, they were individuals on the verge of adulthood! For you guys, it's a bit..."

"”Ehh~”

"Allen is C-rank, you know~"

"Elena is also C-rank~"

"”Still can’t~?””

“”””””C-rank!?””””””

Upon hearing the children's ranks, everyone without exception expressed surprise.

"Is this a joke!?"

“”Not ot a jokemon! Look~”"

Feeling offended by the accusation of lying, the twins took out their Guild Cards from their pouches and showed them to the Guild Master.

"Forged cards!?"

"Nonono, they're genuine, okay!?”

I had been silently observing, but when their cards were suspected of being forged, I couldn't help but intervene.

"At that age, being C-rank, what kind of shady dealings did you make!?"

"None at all! We didn't do anything like that!"

After the accusation of forgery, now it's about shady dealings!

"Sigh... Is the Adventurers’ Guild an organization that engages in shady dealings?"

"We don't! I just said that. I mean, it's that unbelievable!"

"Well, it's not normal for kids to be C-rank, but..."

Typically, adventurers with average abilities reach D-rank. Being C-rank means they're above that.

I understand that it's surprising for the person they told, but being suspected of forgery or shady dealings from the start is not just a little, but quite unpleasant.

"Not normal, we often hear that~"

"And also, outrageous~"

“”Oniichan, that is!””

"Wait!? It's true I get that a lot! But, Allen and Elena, you guys are included in those comments most of the time!"

“”Ehh~!!

Unusual, extraordinary, nonsense... It's not just me who’s being told these things!

"... I understand that all of you are not ordinary."

The Director of the Headquarters sighed deeply. Or rather, everyone else except us was sighing.

"Can we have the permits?"

"Well, if they are C-rank adventurers, there's no issue with their abilities, and I can issue the permits. As long as I don't consider their age!"

“”Don't consider it!"”

"Hahaha, understood. I won't consider it. However, there will be restrictions."

"”Restrictions?"”

"Yes, you can't go without your big brother. Absolutely do not go alone. In fact, I'll make a note in the remarks column to ensure that."

“"Understood!"”

Allen and Elena successfully obtained permits from the Director. Since I won't allow them to go into the dungeon alone anyway, this restriction was practically irrelevant.

"For someone who isn't an adventurer, how can they get a permit? Do they need to prove their abilities?"

"Huh? Takumi-san, you two are adventurers, right?"

"It's just me. He, Kaiser is not an adventurer. Well, he's stronger than most adventurers around here though."

"Eh, not an adventurer!? But he was the one breaking branches on the first floor, right?"

Everyone looked at Kaiser as if they were surprised.

"Just being able to break some branches doesn't make you automatically adventurer. Uh, there are some circumstances?"

"Circumstances? If he doesn't become an adventurer because of some circumstances, does that mean he did something bad?"

"He didn’t!”

Not becoming an adventurer because of doing something bad, sounds like a criminal!

Well, if there are circumstances preventing registration, people will inevitably imagine the worst kind of circumstances.

"Well, it's like this. A lineage issue, I guess?"

"Lineage? Is he some kind of Royalty, hiding his identity?"

"He's not Royalty, but there's definitely a reason he can't be open about it."

Royalty, huh? Oh, but since he's the Water Dragon King, he's definitely Royalty, isn't he?

"If registering at the reception is not possible, should I register him? I promise not to disclose any information, it will only be known to me."

"Ah... Well..."

"Oh, is that not okay either?"

The Guild Master's offer is appreciated, but that sounds like a no-go as well.

If that was not an issue, I would have asked Andy-san, the Guild Master in the Capital of Guardia Kingdom. In Andy-san's case, he is someone more likely to register him with excitement rather than causing a fuss, though.

"In that case, a letter of recommendation would work."

"A letter of recommendation?"

"Knights from other countries sometimes come with letters of recommendation from their nations to challenge dungeons here~"

"I see."

For a dungeon of this caliber, it wouldn't be surprising for dispatches to come from other countries. And for Knights, even with combat strength, unlike adventurers, there shouldn't be a need to prove their abilities. Hence, a letter of recommendation from their country.

"That seems doable, then."

If I ask King Tristan of Guardia Kingdom, I feel like I could get a letter of recommendation. Let's give it a try.

"Being a Royalty, getting a letter of recommendation should be easy~”

"No, as I said, he’s not a Royalty... Well, let’s leave it at that.”

It seems better to just let them continue misunderstanding, so I stopped denying it.

"Takumi, I have a great idea! How about we exchange this branch for the permit? You probably want this, right?"

Kaiser took a ruby branch from his magic bag and placed it in front of the Director.

Just when it seemed like the issue was about to be resolved, Kaiser threw another problem into the mix.

"We were just getting things sorted out! And that sounds like bribery, doesn't it!?"

"Is that so? But don't you think it's a good idea?"

"No, that's why, it's bribery."

"What is bribery? Is it something bad?"

"......"

The Leviathan didn't know what bribery was.

"For now, let's not do this, as it doesn't leave a good impression."

"Umu, very well."

"So, regarding his permit, I'll prepare a letter of recommendation."

It would be better to get the permit, but if we can't, Kaiser can proceed to the second floor while staying in my shadow. I decided to conclude the discussion about the permit here.

"Sorry, we got completely sidetracked with the permit issue. But we also need to figure out what to do with the branches, right?"

The conversation had deviated from the crucial issue of what to do with the branches due to the children's requests.

Since I felt like we couldn't leave without discussing it, I forcibly steered the conversation back to the topic at hand.

